Cornell Invitational 18-19
31
How many drops of water are in Lake Ontario?
19
How many steps do I need to climb to burn off the calories in a slice of pizza?
3
How many boba balls are scooped in New York City every day?
7
How much electricity in watt-hours is used in NYC each day?
10
How many fish are in the ocean?
12
How many beans can you fit in a stretched stomach?
3
How many nature valley granola bars can fit over New York City?
11
How many carbon molecules are in a white cotton t-shirt?
24
How many skin cells are in your ear lobe?
6
If the Sun’s volume were to increase by the volume of the Earth, what percent would its volume increase?
-4
How many milliliters of milk can a cow produce in its lifetime?
7
How many pennies are needed to cover the human body?
3
How long in meters can you draw a line with 5 wooden pencils?
5
If you melt down the Statue of Liberty, how many molecules of copper would you have?
29
How many milliliters of sweat are produced in the United States every year?
14
How long in seconds does it take for light to travel from the ceiling of this room to your eye?
-8
How many water molecules are used in a typical 10 minute shower?
27
How many grams of nitrogen are in the DNA of one human cell?
-12
What fraction of the energy that the Sun produces each year does an atomic bomb produce?
-19
How many sprays does a bottle of perfume hold?
2
How many CO2 molecules does a car emit each year?
28
How many times does the motor of a car rotate a crankshaft each year?
8
If you were to melt down all the recycled glass in the US each year, what would the final volume be in cubic meters?
5
How many ice cubes would you need to melt to raise the ocean level enough to melt New York City?
13
How many feathers would it take to snap an elevator cable?
7
If you took all the oxygen in this room and put it on Mars, how much would it weigh in millinewtons?
3
How many mosquito bites are required to collect one million liters of blood?
11
If you were to convert the energy in bananas to fuel, how many bananas would it take to fuel a car to drive from New York City to Los Angeles?
4
How many liters of helium would it take to lift the average house?
7
How many sheets of graphene stacked vertically are as tall as the empire state building?
12
How many grams of salt are in the Pacific Ocean?
22
