Highlands Virtual Invitational 22-23
31
How many 2x4 lego bricks would it take to equal the volume of the earth.
26
How many 2022 Toyota Prii (plural for Prius) stacked on top each other would it take to reach the moon.
8
In September 2022, two Russian gas pipes under the Baltic Sea began to leak methane. Conservative estimates suggest that methane was leaking at a rate of 500 metric tons per hour. Assume this rate is constant. How many cows would it take to “leak” methane at the same rate on average (via farting).
7
How much electricity was consumed in the U.S. in 2021, in kilowatt-hours (kWh)?
12
Part of First Lady Michelle Obama's Let's Move! Initiative, the 2010 Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act, required school meal providers to limit calories and reduce saturated fat, trans fat and sodium. Consider a man who has 20 kg of body fat when he goes on a hunger strike. Determine how long he can survive on his body fat alone in decades.
-2
The use of messenger pigeons dates all the way back to about 3000 BC in Ancient Egypt. They were also notably used by Ghengis Khan to send messages across the vast Mongol Empire, and continued to be used as a regular means of communication as recently as World Wars One and Two. Assume I use a messenger pigeon flying at the average messenger pigeon speed to send a 1080p HD DVD copy of the movie, “Shrek the Third,” from Los Angeles, California to Seattle, Washington. What is the effective data transfer rate of this trip in Megabytes per second.
-1
How many sheets of standard US Letter sized paper would it take to cover the surface of the moon?
16
How many bits of data are in all of Taylor Swift's albums (excluding her upcoming album Midnights) at FM radio quality?
9
How much would a Boeing 747 weigh in newtons if it's entire interior were filled with cement?
7
If an average human were able to grow out their hair infinitely, how long would they have to grow it in miles for the total mass of the hair on their head to be equal to the mass of an adult plains zebra?
0
What is (1/7) ?
-30
How many times will the average human's heart beat in their lifetime?
9
How many lightning strikes occur in the United States per year?
7
How many molecules of water are in the average American woman?
27
The fibonacci sequence is a series of numbers where each number is the sum of the preceding two numbers in the sequence. For example, the series starts with 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21,.... What is the 35th term in this sequence when the first 1 is counted as the first term?
7
How much money did the US Federal Government collect in taxes in 35
12
The fashion industry has been booming in the United States. How many square yards of fabric would it take to create Highlands Virtual Invitational shirts for everyone living in America?
9
Salmon is an extremely versatile fish; aside from being highly nutritious, it is also prepared in various ways around the world. In Japan, salmon can be prepared as sashimi, a delicacy that many enjoy. In 2020, how many tons of salmon was consumed in Japan?
5
You decide to crochet a to-scale version of the moon with Bernat, size 6 blanket yarn. Walmart also ran out of stuffing, so the entirety of your to-scale crocheted moon is made out of your expensive Bernat yarn. If a skein of yarn is 300 grams for every 200 meters, how heavy will your final project be?
23
In continuation from the last problem, Bernat yarn is expensive, given its softness and thickness. It's coveted by many crocheters around the world. For reference, every 200 meters costs $ How much would your to-scale version of the moon cost you?
22
Your tournament directors have an outrageous appetite for Chinese dumplings, specifically, wontons. In fact, we love wontons so much that we hand minced 1000 pigs worth of meat and wrapped them into wontons. How many wontons did we make with 1000 pigs worth of meat? (definition of wontons: bite sized dumpling--think of a meatball wrapped in a thin dough-like wrapper)
6
Coconut milk is used in lots of South East Asian desserts. However, you decide to go on a diet, and instead of enjoying the coconut milk, you limit yourself to no more than a shot- glass's worth of coconut milk a day. How many days until you would have consumed enough coconut milk to fill an Olympic size swimming pool?
8
I love sparkling water, more than most beverages. However, whenever I buy a pack, I am often faced with the dilemma that I am buying a can that is partially air. How many balloons can I fill with the gas from a lifetime's worth of sparkling water if I drink 1 a day?
3
You drive the best car in the world-- a Toyota Prius. You decide to take a road trip from Omaha, Nebraska, to Irvine, California. How many times would you have to refill your gas tank during your road trip?
0
Nico Rosberg, the 2016 F1 champion (who beat 7x WDC Lewis Hamilton in the same machinery), has a bad habit of not turning into corners. Every time he does this, he crashes his toyota corolla. How many kitkat bars can I buy with the money lost from new cars if he encounters 3 corners a day for his entire life (not counting the first 16 where he couldn't drive)?
9
All you can eat buffets are the best thing in the world--endless amounts of food. How many ounces of food can an average human fit in their stomach before it would (literally) explode?
2
I love bananas. I take out around 4 from the dining hall everyday. If I double my intake from the previous day, every day, for 3 years, what daily value % of potassium would I have on the last day?
331
Antonio Browns's newest song has been played 454k times. If we dedicated the time spent listening to his "music" to folding origami cranes, how many cranes would we have? Assume you take an average amount of time to fold the first crane and that you don't get faster at folding cranes.
6
Next to tomatoes, avocadoes are a close second. They are high in all types of vitamins and healthy fats essential to your body. That's why guacamole is the best snack possible! In my humble opinion, I believe that a 2:1 ratio of avocadoes to tomatoes in guacamole is the perfect ratio. How many avocadoes would it take to create enough taste-test sized portions of guacamole for everyone on earth to be able to try guacamole?
9
Elon Musk's net worth recently went down 5%. How many happy meals could we have provided with that money?
9
How many soft shell tacos from Taco Bell could you have bought with the money you could've saved by getting a McDonald's adult happy meal instead of dining at Gordan Ramsey's Hell's Kitchen every night for a year?
4
