Jordan Invitational 23-24
43
How many characters are there on the 2024 Science Olympiad Division C Rules Manual?
5
How many plastic water bottles are consumed each year in the world?
11
How much would an hour-long superbowl ad cost?
9
How many games of fortnite are played in a fortnight?
5
How much salt is in the Dead Sea, in kilograms?
13
How many chocolate chips are consumed per year in the US?
11
How many marbles would it take to cover the entire US Interstate highway system?
12
How many weeks would it take to send a telegraph message across the length of all the tele- graph wires in the world?
-5
How many molecules of ATP have you used in the time it took to read this problem?
21
Everyone knows the earth is flat. If I accidentally fell off the edge and drifted off into the empty void, how fast would I have to throw an orange in order to have the same momentum as the (real) Earth traveling through space?
8
What gravitational force does the Moon exert on Proxima Centauri, in Newtons?
8
Assume you took a watermelon and compressed it so that it collapsed into a black hole. What would be the acceleration, in g’s, of a grain of sand at the event horizon?
41
The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell. How many mitochondria is required to pro- duce enough energy to power the world’s electricity needs for a second?
30
Graphite in pencils is made of carbon, like diamonds. If you took the lead in a standard #2 pencil (assume it’s pure graphite) and applied enough pressure that it turned into a spherical diamond, how many solar systems would this diamond span?
-16
If you took every carbon atom from the lead in a standard #2 pencil (assuming the lead is pure graphite) and lined them up end to end, how many centimeters would they span?
15
What is the kinetic energy in joules of the water falling down Niagara Falls at any given moment?
8
What is the total weight of the Great Pacific Garbage patch, in metric tons?
5
How many trees (on average, based on data over the past year) are cut down each minute?
4
What is the value of the square of the number of carbon atoms in the Earth’s atmosphere?
81
What is the sum of Thomas Robert Malthus and Niko Tinbergen’s ages when they died?
2
How many industrial ecologists are currently employed in the US?
5
How many students are currently enrolled in Texas A&M’s department of ecology and con- servation biology?
2
What’s the ratio between the biomass of all people in the world and the total biomass of the world?
-4
What is the difference between the number of people born in 2023 and the number of people born in 2022 (in people)?
5
If I had a nickel for every pothole in the US, what is the total dollar value of the sum of change I’d have?
6
On a scale from 5-10, where 10 is best, how amazing was that pun above? (Note that 0 is not an acceptable answer for this question).
1
How many metric tons of sweet potatoes are grown each year?
8
What is the net primary productivity of the the surface of the world’s oceans, in pound * Calories per year?
14
How many people around the world practice subsistence agriculture?
9
What is the square of the number of people in the US who live in food deserts?
15
How many years would it take for a population with a growth rate of 001% to double?
5
How many nanograms of apples are produced per year?
23
How many pounds of coal will the amount of energy from these apples be equivalent to?
10
Time for some chemistry!Ammonia is a great fertilizer.What is the square of the standard molar enthalpy of the formation of ammonia, in kJ^2?
3
How much energy is invested in green tech, in cents?
13
How many quads of renewable energy are produced each year in the US?
1
How many grams of carbon are emitted per person per day in the US?
4
Let’s do some math! Find e^e^e
6
How many ways are there to arrange the letters in JORDANSCIENCEOLYMPIAD?
17
Let S be the set {1, 2, .. 100}. How many functions f: S → S exist such that for any three distinct elements a,b,c of S, we cannot have f(a)=f(b)=f(c)?
195
I am constructing a sequence based on the following rules: | Elements of the sequence must be either 1,2, or 3 | The sequence must start with 1 | There cannot be any two consecutive 1’s, 2’s, or 3’s How many such sequences of length 200 exist?
60
Let’s change it up a little. I am constructing a sequence based on the following rules: | Elements of the sequence must be either 1,2, or 3 | The sequence must start with 1 | There cannot be any three consecutive 1’s, 2’s, or 3’s. How many such sequences of length 200 exist?
87
With four colors, how many ways are there to color every state in the map of the U.S., such that no two adjacent states have the same color?
11
