Ohio State Invitational 22-23
40
What is 115 to the power of 48?
99
What is the distance between Cleveland and Columbus in lightyears?
-11
How long would it take, in minutes, for a person to watch every YouTube video?
10
How many poker chips would you need to make a stack that could reach the moon from Earth?
10
How many seconds elapse from one full moon to the next?
6
How many golf balls could fit in a Boeing 747?
7
How many pounds of milk are produced in the US within a year?
11
If you poured at a rate of one drop of water per second, how long would it take you in hours to fill an Olympic-sized swimming pool?
7
During the time interval of this test, how many cm has light traveled in a vacuum?
14
Within a year, how many gallons does the average human heart pump?
6
How many atoms are within all the humans in this very room?
29
What is the diameter of the nucleus of a human cell in km?
-8
How many watt-hours does a typical household refrigerator use per year?
6
How many standard milk cartons would it take to fill up Lake Erie?
15
How many different combinations are there for a standard 3x3x3 Rubik’s cube?
19
How long would it take, in hours, for the fastest person on Earth to run nonstop from here to San Francisco?
2
If you were going the speed of sound, how long would it take you to reach the bottom of the Mariana Trench in hours?
-2
How many fish live in all the oceans combined?
12
Within a year, how many cups of coffee do Americans consume?
11
What is the amount of iron atoms found in one gram of iron?
22
What is the difference between the combined net worth of the 10 richest people in the world and the next 10 richest people in the world in US dollars?
11
How many red blood cells are found in the entire student body of The Ohio State University?
18
How many McDonald’s Happy Meals are sold in the US within a year?
8
How many pennies would you need to cover the surface area of the Sun?
22
Of the students attending Ohio State, how many are left-handed?
4
Within the past week, how far has the Earth traveled in miles?
7
Using a standard 52-card deck, how many combinations of a 5-card hand can be drawn?
6
Going the speed of the fastest roller coaster in the world (Formula Rossa), how long would it take in hours to travel from the Sun to Pluto?
7
If the entire ocean froze over, what is the total increase in volume in cubic meters?
17
How many hours, working a minimum wage job in Ohio, would it take to earn the same amount of money as the box office total for Avatar: The Way of Water?
8
What is the diameter of the Andromeda Galaxy in parsecs?
5
On average, how many gallons of gasoline are used in the US per day?
8
How many standard bathtubs of water would it take to fill up the Grand Canyon?
13
If you were to lay out all the arteries, capillaries, and veins of an average adult human, how many humans would you need to wrap around the circumference of the Sun?
1
How many searches does Google, on average, process every second?
5
How many seconds would it take for light to travel from the base to the top of the tallest building in the world?
-6
How many planet Earths could fit inside the planet Jupiter?
3
What is the volume of a human skin cell in cubic meters?
-11
How many miles of toilet paper are used in the US per year?
9
How many copies of this test would be needed to cover the entire OSU campus?
8
