Raisbeck Aviation Invitational 17-18
30
How many tennis balls would fit in the Indian Ocean?
21
What is 17 to the power of 56?
69
What number of tennis balls would you have to lay on the surface area of an Olympic-sized swimming pool in order to fully cover it?
5
How many US dollar bills would it take in order to create a stack from Stockholm to Mumbai?
11
What is the height of the Great Pyramid of Giza, as a multiple of the height of the statue of liberty?
0
What number of computer pixels would you have to lay on the surface area of the Sun in order to fully cover it?
26
What does a 24 inch beach ball weigh, measured in units of grains of birch pollen?
10
How many Earth-sized planets does it take to equal the weight of the star Betelgeuse (which has 18 times the mass of the Sun)?
7
How many staridard 2x4 lego blocks would it take to make a replica of an average human?
4
How many handcuffs would it take in order to create an interlocked chain from Istanbul to Beijing?
7
In 2010 how many pounds of oranges were grown worldwide?
11
What is the number of US dimes it would take to make a full scale model of General Sherman (a sequoia tree and the world's largest tree)?
9
How many standard 2x4 lego blocks would it take in order to create a stack from Washington DC to Juneau AK?
9
How many US dollar coins would it take in order to create a stack the length of a mile?
6
Determine the distance from Pluto to the Sun divided by the diameter of Auto.
6
How many carbon atoms would it take in order to create a single-file line of atoms along the total length of the U.S.'s land boundaries?
17
How many toothpicks would fit in the Atlantic Ocean?
24
What is the diameter of Jupiter, as a multiple of the height of Mount Everest?
4
How many seconds would it take a common snail to travel the length of a nautical mile?
6
What's the total dollar value of all apples sold yearly by all orchards in the US?
6
What is the number of standard Rubik's Cubes it would take to fill the Oval Office?
6
How many standard Rubik's Cubes would fit in a Hindenburg class airship?
9
What is the thickness of a cell membrane, as a multiple of the length of the Nile river?
-15
How many carbon atoms would it take in order to create a single-file line of atoms the length of a mile?
13
How many red blood cells are there in the average human body?
13
As a factor, how much more is the price of a 15-1b bag of basmati rice than the pricevofan Airbus A380 jet airliner (seats up to 853)?
-7
What is pi to the power of 7?
3
What number of US dollar bills would you have to lay on the surface area of Manhattan in order to fully cover it?
10
How many bytes of data do Facebook users produce per day?
15
How many minutes would it take a light beam to travel the length of a nanometer?
-19
