UT Austin Invitational 22-23
40
The volume of the Earth, in cubic millimeters.
30
The pH of water.
1
The volume of all landmass above sea level in gallons.
19
Number of $100 bills currently in circulation worldwide.
10
The melting point of helium, in Kelvin.
0
The mass of almonds produced in the US during the most recent growing season, in solar masses.
-21
The density of a cloud in grams per liter.
0
The number of hydrogen atoms in the sun.
57
The number of people killed by lightning strikes across all of history.
6
The proportion of tin in bronze.
-1
The great circle distance between Miami and Seattle, measured in standard unsharpened pencils.
8
The age of the oldest living single (i.e. non- clonal) tree in months.
5
Average annual household electricity consumption, in kilowatt-hours.
4
The midpoint cross-sectional area of the observable universe in acres.
50
The weight of the Great Pyramid of Giza, in pounds.
10
The wavelength of the lowest-pitched audible sounds to humans in room-temperature sea- level air, measured in furlongs.
-1
Total hours of television watched in the US every day.
12
The number of grains of sand on Earth divided by the number of stars in the Milky Way.
8
The total mass of all DNA in every living human in kilograms.
9
The thickness of a typical sheet of printer paper in standard human hair widths.
0
Total annual expenditures of every government in the world in 2019 in dollars.
13
The temperature of the core of the Sun in Kelvin.
7
The total length of all US interstate highways in feet.
8
The net weight of ashfall produced by the 1980 Mount St. Helens eruption, in pounds.
12
The average molecular speed of room temperature air, in miles per hour.
3
Annual worldwide iron production divided by annual worldwide gold production, by mass.
6
The total volume of precipitation that falls in the US in an average year, in pints.
16
The volume of the Cullinan Diamond (the largest discovered uncut gem-quality diamond) in units of the volume of an Olympic swimming pool.
-7
The total surface area of all rivers in the world in square meters.
11
The number of shipping containers that could be filled using all of the ice in the world.
15
Low-end voltages for long-distance electric power transmission lines.
5
The weight of all neckties produced each year in the US in pounds.
7
The number of adults standing shoulder to shoulder that could fit on Taiwan, assuming flat ground.
11
The force needed to rupture a watermelon in compression, in Newtons.
2
The number of unique issues of American comics ever published.
5
The number of different items sold on Amazon.
8
The total storage capacity of all storage media in the world in bits.
23
Total land area of farmland in the world, in square miles.
7
Total transistors produced throughout history.
22
Total mass of ants in the world in metric tons.
8
