UT Austin Invitational 17-18
25
If you had a stack of all the gold bars in Fort Knox, how high would it be, as a multiple of the distance that Voyager 1 has traveled?
-5
How many potassium atoms/ions are contained in the world’s annual banana production?
33
How many times would you have to flush the toilet in your average suburban American home, in order to flush enough water to fill Lake Baikal?
15
A mole of moles weighs as much as how many grains of rice?
27
How high (in furlongs) would a stack of a googol sheets of saran wrap be?
91
Yo mamma so fat, she took all the Big Macs sold in the US last year and gobbled ’em right up! How many pounds of fat are in yo mamma now? Assume that yo mama ain’t burning any o’ those calories, cuz ain’t nobody got time for that!
8
Calculate the number of years of (in-state) tuition at UT that Equifax’s annual revenue could pay for.
5
What fraction of the photons in the observable universe are emitted by a 1 W light bulb in a minute?
-69
How many dishwashers could be powered for a decade, by all the electricity the Three Gorges Dam generated last year?
7
How intense is the air pressure in a car tire compared to the radiation pressure generated right after ignition of the primary stage in a hydrogen bomb?
-9
How many F-35 Lightning IIs could an average American worker buy with a minute’s wage?
-9
For how many planck times was the comic strip Calvin and Hobbes officially in newspapers (up until the last new strip’s publication)?
52
Bill Gates could fully fund how many construction projects to renovate Speedway Mall at UT?
3
If you stacked all the iPhones ever sold on top of each other (flat side up, duh), how tall would that stack be in terms of Burj Khalifas?
4
Give the number of hairs on the average Labrador retriever, as a multiple of the number of joules consumed by pressing a single key on a typical laptop keyboard.
10
How many electrons are in a typical human body?
28
How many cubic yottameters of natural gas will an average American use in a lifetime?
-67
How many blades of grass (yes, fake turf counts) are on your average football field? Exclude the end zones.
9
Yo mamma not only fat, she so fat that she is seriously concerned about her health and well-being. How many hours would she have to run in order to burn off all those delicious Big Macs from question 6?
9
If all the mobile phones ever sold were represented by grains of sand (one grain per phone), how many 1-gallon milk jugs would those grains fill?
2
How many teaspoons would it take to hold the water in all the world’s oceans?
15
How many Olympic-sized swimming pools could you fill with the water from a shower lasting one galactic year?
9
How many National Merit semifinalists has Texas produced since 2000?
4
How many Svedbergs would it take you to memorize the definition of every word in the full Webster’s Third New International dictionary, assuming that you’re super dumb and took an average of a fortnight to memorize each word?
25
Perform the extremely complex mathematical operation 1 +  Calculate the answer in base .
17
