How many nanoseconds did it take you to read this sentence?
Compute (Larry Bird’s Jersey #)^
How many years would it take to walk from the SF Bay in California . . . to New York Island?
How many Sonic Chili Dogs (Chili Cheese Coney) would Klebb have to eat in order to replenish all the calories he burned while walking to New York?
How many words are on the Wikipedia page for “Bird”?
What is the population of China minus the population of the United States?
What is the average number of windows in a house?
How many ways can 15 unique books be arranged on a three-shelf bookcase? Assume 5 books can fit on each shelf.
How many atoms of gold are in one carat of 24-karat gold?
On average, how many packages did Amazon deliver everyday in 2019?
What is the distance to the sun in meters?
How many kilograms of gold can you buy with Elon Musk’s net worth?
How many helium balloons do you need to lift a human being?
How many πgeons are there worldwide?
How many questions are there on this test?
Klebb generates a string of 10 letters, with each letter having a probability of being generated equal to that letter’s relative frequency in English. What is the probability of Klebb generating the string meadowlark?
How many feathers weigh a slug?
How many KFC buckets filled with 12 pieces of chicken would fit inside the Earth?
How long is a footlong in furlongs?
How many fortnights of Fortnite have been played, ever?
What is the probability of having a negative IQ, assuming IQ’s distribution is indeed normal centered at 100?
How loud, in W/m2 , would the Sun be to you if all of the Sun’s total power output were converted completely to sound energy and you decided to stand on Mercury? Assume that empty space suddenly got filled with air . . . somehow.
On a perfect scale, one side is occupied by a blue whale. How many blue jays would have to sit on the other side to make the scale balanced?
Tall Vincent stands on top of Mount Everest, and he is confused about where he is. Is he dreaming? Or is the air just so thin that he’s getting lightheaded? He screams, for he does not know. His scream can be abstracted as a point source emitting sound. Assuming the Earth is completely flat aside from the mountain and he can scream loud enough, how many seconds would it take for his scream to reach the ears of his friends in New York City?
How many 500-mL bottles of water would be needed to fill a tub the size of Bangladesh up to 1 cm?
How many grams of potassium permanganate can be produced from the potassium in one apple? Assume there is infinite permanganate.
How many Universe superyachts are needed to span the observable universe?
How many atoms of gold are on the James Webb Space Telescope?
A 1 cm cube of Jell-O is smacked by a typical spoon. What is the frequency at which it vibrates, in hertz?
How many vegetable slices are in one serving of ratatouille in the movie Ratatouille?
How many pinheads can you glue on the surface of a pinball?
What is π^19?
If an AA battery is collected from every person in California, how many milligrams of aluminum can be electrolyzed from molten aluminum oxide with the total charge?
What is the number of shirts on the shelves of a typical Walmart?
How many practicing orthodontists are in Iowa?
How many Sverdrups is the entire global input of fresh water from rivers to the oceans?
Shuckle is a weak pokemon . . . or is it? Under optimal conditions in a triple battle, how much damage could shuckle theoretically do in one attack?
How many molecules are there in Earth’s atmosphere
How many miles of interstate highways are there in the US?
My friend Aidan and I decide to play rock-paper-scissors. Assuming the results are truly random, find the probability that I do not lose a single game to Aidan after 100 games.
Find Hubble’s constant in units of hertz.
By what factor is the electrostatic force between a proton and electron greater than the gravitational force between the proton and electron?
How many barns (units) would it take to cover the floor of a barn (building)?
What is 10^10^10^10^-100?
The Richter scale measures the strength of an earthquake, where the magnitude scales logarithmically with energy. The equation is log E = 8 + 5M where E is in ergs and M is the magnitude. How many tons of TNT would it take to release the same amount of energy as a 100 magnitude earthquake?
How many prime numbers p are there less than 102020 such that p + 2 and p + 4 are also prime?
Compute (10!)!
How many possible teams of six Pokémon are possible made up of only Smogon’s Red/Blue/Yellow OU Pokémon, considering species and four-move movesets?
How many trees would you have to chop in order to create enough sheets of paper folded into paper airplanes that equal the mass of the US Air Force’s personnel?
An unfair coin lands on heads a third of the time. What is the probability to flip it 50 times and get 15 tails and 35 heads, in percent?
How many Straits of Gibraltar are needed to equal their net flow to the volumetric production rate of Coca-Cola drinks?
Your friend George has come up with an ingenious plan to create sustainable energy. He develops the Gravitational Energy Collector (GEC) which collects 100% of the potential energy of a falling object. Since he wants this to be sustainable, he decides to use the GEC in a mango orchard. How many mango trees are needed to power the entire Western Interconnection?
Cellulose is an extremely strong polymer. A rod of pure cellulose is fabricated with a length of 2 m and a diameter of 5 cm. If a compressive force of 7 kN is applied to its ends, how much does it contract by, in meters?
In a different universe, the speed of light is ten thousand times greater than the speed of light. With everything else staying the same, what is the Planck length of the other universe, in meters (from this universe)?
1, 3, 3, 9, 27, 243, 6561 . . . Find the 20th number in this sequence.
According to the holographic principle, the maximum amount of information (in bits) that can be stored in a system is proportional to the surface area. Hawking found that the maximum entropy (or information) can be found by S = kA/4, where k is the Boltzmann’s constant (3 × 10−23 JK) and A is the surface area in Planck areas. Using this equation, how many times more information can a human body theoretically hold than the human body already holds through the storage of DNA? Assume there are 40 trillion human cells that contain DNA.
If human beings give off infrared light with a wavelength of 1 mm, how many photons will the entire current population of the earth give off in 1 galactic year?
Given: Schwarzschild radius, r = 2GM/c^2 where G is the gravitational constant, M is the mass of the black hole, c is the speed of light, and r is the radius of the black hole. Calculate the volume in liters of a perfect sphere of water so that there is just enough water to form a black hole. Assume that the density stays constant.
A dumb hole (or a sonic black hole) is a type of black hole where phonons rather than photons are unable to escape. After expanding/compressing the universe’s radius to create a dumb hole, what is the radius of the new universe (in meters)? Take into account baryonic matter, dark matter, and dark energy. Assume the dumb hole to be surrounded by dry air at 20 degrees Celcius.
Pick an integer from 1 to 300 inclusive. The answer will be the product of the answers to this question from all teams that answer this question.
What is the mass of the sun, in solar masses?
How many millimeters are in a kilometer?
How many seconds are in a decade?
What is the temperature of this room in Kelvin?
What is 212?
How many bird species have been recorded in California?
How many Science Olympiad teams compete around the nation?
If I have a metric ton of hundred dollar bills, how many cents is that equivalent to?
How many moles of glucose are contained within 1 gram of glucose?
What is the pressure at the bottom of the Mariana Trench in mmHg?
How many joules of kinetic energy are imparted upon a baseball upon release when thrown by an MLB pitcher?
What is the frequency of earth's rotation in Hertz?
What is the force in Newtons exerted on the ground by the weight of an average human adult?
A theoretical star 1 parsec away would display a parallax of how many degrees?
How many watts of energy are given off by an average human adult in the form of infrared radiation?
One coulomb contains how many elementary charges?
What is the average fuel efficiency of a petrol car in units of m/m^-3 (meters per cubic meter of fuel)?
What is the mass of the planet Jupiter in micrograms?
How many unique Pokémon National Pokédex entries are there?
Assume the moon has sustained a constant orbital period around earth since the moon was initially formed. How many times has the moon orbited around earth?
How many ergs are contained within one kW⋅h?
How many grams of caffeine would it take to kill off the entire human population based on LD50?
What is C(100, 50) or 100 choose 50?
What is 41124?
How many pounds of cow milk are produced for human consumption in the United States every year?
RuBisCO is thought to be the most common protein in nature. How many grams of RuBisCO are thought to be in the biosphere?
How many ants are thought to be living at any given point?
What is the probability that you will be struck by lightning twice this year and survive?
How many times bigger is the largest country in the world by surface area compared to the 100th largest country in the world?
How many cubic parsecs of rain fall over earth as precipitation each year?
How many astronomical units away is Andromeda galaxy?
How many fun-sized milky ways (candy) by volume can fit into the Milky Way (galaxy)?
How many structural isomers are there of Triacontane (C30H62)?
In honor of Argentina winning the world cup, let's ask a question about Argentina. What is the total GDP of Argentina in Argentine Pesos?
What is the volumetric flow rate of the Nile river in Sverdrups?
If you laid out all the navigable roadways in the United States in a straight line and walked at an average pace, how many seconds would it take for you to walk from beginning to end?
How many molecules are contained within Earth's atmosphere?
How many times more individual bacteria are there on earth as compared to fish?
How many flowers does a beehive need to visit to produce one pound of honey?
How many leopard geckos are owned as pets in the United States?
How many poronkusema are in one siriometer? Hint: The poronkusema is a Finnish unit of distance related to reindeers.
How many outhouses (unit) are in a square yoctoparsec?
How many svedbergs are in one galactic year?
How many Planck energies are contained within one foe?
Express the gravitational constant in units of Rod3 ⋅Slug−1 ⋅Fortnight−2
A sequence goes 1,1,1,4,27,.. Find the 16th term of this sequence.
If every question on this exam has an answer between -100 and 100 inclusive (not a true statement), and you guessed every answer randomly, what is the probability that you get a full score (300/300)?
Based on the previous question, if you randomly placed a guess between -98 and 98 for every question, what is the probability that you receive either partial or full credit on every question?
Now if you randomly guessed every question what is the probability that you will receive full credit on 20 questions and no credit on any of the other questions?
What is (1000!)100? (Difficulty: Hard, Black Hole Astronomy)
What is the mass in kilograms of Sagittarius A*, the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way galaxy?
If you have a 1 solar mass black hole, what is the corresponding Schwarzschild radius in meters?
If you have the same 1 solar mass black hole, what is the lifetime of the black hole in seconds before it dissipates fully due to Hawking Radiation? Presume there is never any mass input into the black hole.
[Question 53] If you have the same 1 solar mass black hole, what is the lifetime of the black hole in seconds before it dissipates fully due to Hawking Radiation? Presume there is never any mass input into the black hole. With your answer from the previous question, estimate the nominal luminosity in watts of the black hole. You can assume the luminosity of the black hole remains constant throughout its lifespan although in actuality it will increase as the black hole decays.
As King Midas might know, too much gold is not always a good thing. If you have a sphere of pure gold, how much would the sphere be worth ignoring deflation in USD at the point just where all of the gold is no longer retrievable? (The sphere is a black hole with the density of gold).
Assuming notes actually get that high, what is the frequency of E300?
What would the minimum population of the United States be so that the GDP per capita would be below 1?
How many people would need to be in a room so that the probability 2 people randomly selected from the room share a birthday is at least 9999
How many characters are in this bizarre sentence?
How many keys are on the standard US keyboard layout?
How many times older is the first bird-line archosaurs compared to BirdSO?
How many atoms are in a human body?
What is the circumference of the sun in millimeters?
What is the mass of the moon in tons?
How many cows are in the world?
On average, how many feathers are on a pigeon?
In Iowa 2020, how many ears of corn were harvested per baby ear born?
What is the average frequency of light emitted by an American robin egg, in hertz?
How many creases are in a brown paper bag?
If each mango tree leaf was $1, how many bluefin tunas can you buy with one mango tree?
How many crows would actually be needed for a murder, that is, how many crows would it take so that their combined weight would crush a human being by breaking their bones?
How many direct airplane flights between Los Angeles (LAX) and New York City (JFK) could you take back and forth in the time since the end of the Mesozoic Era?
How many Quiz Bowl Tossups can someone read aloud in the time it takes a top-5 Super Mario Odyssey speedrunner to complete the game Any%?
Twister Feast starts a campaign called teamteas. If they are successful in their goal in dumping 40 million cups of tea into the world ocean, by what percent does the world ocean’s total volume increase?
Suppose that Starbucks buys out The Roost (Brewster’s coffee shop) in Animal Crossing: New Leaf. If one cup of coffee costs 200 Bells, how much money, in US dollars, does one need to pay to Tom Nook in order to completely expand their house?
How many characters are in the source code for the official YouTube video of “Never Gonna Give You Up”?
How many Olympic-sized swimming pools would you have to dig out of the ground in order to have a pile of dirt weighing the same as an adult blue whale?
I have a wall that is the size of Greenland. How many 2-gallon buckets of paint do I need to completely paint my wall?
How many hairs are on all the heads at a typical NFL game?
How many Amazon boxes could be made from all the trees in the Amazon rainforest?
What percentage of food produced worldwide are poultry and other products derived from domesticated birds?
Express the ideal gas constant in units of (volume of the Pacific Ocean)(pressure at the bottom of the Mariana Trench)/((Rankine)(mol))
How many traffic lights are there in the United States?
What is the worldwide sugar consumption in grams per year?
What is the tensile strength of Kevlar rope in Pascals?
How many unique ways are there to arrange 5 red, 5 blue, 5 green, and 5 yellow marbles?
In Squid Game, assuming the players cooperate, what is the probability of everyone dying on the game glass bridge? (16 players, 18 tiles)
How many atoms of Hydrogen do humans intake due to the consumption of Aspirin?
What is the temperature of the cosmic microwave background in degrees Delisle?
What is the volume of a Minecraft world in 18 in blocks?
Let “A” map to 1, “B” to 2, and so on, up to “Z” to What is the expected product of 10 letters taken from any English text?
Take the current 3-6-3 cup stacking world record (1 stack of 6 cups and 2 stacks of 3 cups) as the speed at which 12 cups can be placed. Assuming you have to stack in a pyramid (each row down must have one additional cup), how long would it take to stack from Earth to the asteroid belt, in seconds?
How many times greater is the average separation of water molecules than the covalent bond within them?
What is the additional acceleration of Voyager 1 by shining a red laser pointer at it, in meters per second squared?
How many satellites are currently orbiting the Earth for every moon of Uranus?
How many sievert of radiation were in the 2002 production of bananas in Uganda?
How many grains of tapioca starch fit into the volume of one boba pearl?
Assuming constant area density of cells and a laboratory setting, what is the average speed of expansion of a 2 meter diameter flat circle of E. coli, in miles per Pentium 4 clock cycle?
Assuming a Bluetooth 4 connection, how many Airpod earbuds would you need to cover the entire Earth?
If we provide every bird in the world with a bird house, how many Congo rainforests would we need to chop down?
How many Dyck paths are there from (0, 0) to (420, 420)? A Dyck path from (0, 0) to (n, n) is a path in which the only legal moves are to move 1 unit right or 1 unit up and the path does not cross the main diagonal (the line y = x).
Compute 5^5^5 * 4^4^4 * 3^3^3 * 2^2^1 * 1^1^1
Define a sequence of sums as follows: Snn + 2n 2 + 3n 3 + · · · + 21n 21 = P21 k=1 knk . Compute P20 i=1 Si .
What is the 100-volume in (beard seconds)^100 of a 100-dimensional hypersphere with radius 1 angstrom?
In thermodynamics, Boltzmann–Planck equation describes the relationship between entropy and the total number of microstates in the macrostate of an ideal gas. It is given as the equation: S = KB ln(W) where KB is the Boltzmann constant. (Boltzmann’s constant is also equivalent to the ideal gas constant / Avogadro’s constant) Let n = number of molecules present and e = total energy, where the energy of a molecule is at least In a system where n = 2 and e = 4, W is found to be Similarly, in a system where n = 4 and e = 8, W is found to be Find the entropy of a system in J/K where n = 1024 and e = 2 × 1024
Take the density of the observable universe to be approximately 6 protons/m3 . Find the radius of a Schwarzschild black hole such that the density of the black hole is the same as the density of the observable universe.
Given Information: 1 Planck Temperature = 1.416784×1032 K 1 Planck Length = 1.616255×10−35 m 1 Planck Mass = 2.176434×10−8 Kg 1 Planck Time = 5.391247 × 10−44 s The R-value is a measure of how well a 2-D barrier can resist the conductivity of heat. The SI units for R-value is Kelvin meters squared per Watt, where the units for Watts are kilogram meters squared per seconds cubed. Convert 1 R-value to Planck R-value, where Planck R-value is the R-value expressed in Planck units.
DISCARD
Observe the previous problem. How many times more photons are released per second for a 1 billion solar mass Schwarzschild supermassive black hole compared to the 1 solar mass Schwarzschild black hole?
A 10 watt light emits only 10 micron photons. These photons all hit a polar bear. How many are reflected off the polar bear in one second?
How many of the smallest Nintendo DS game cards would you need to store one image displayed on the largest Times Square digital billboard?
Sandy sells seashells by the seashore. If she sells a seashell for every selenium atom in the Sargasso Sea in seventy seconds and each seashell scoops the sea and scares a squid, how many sverdrups of ink are secreted?
Wing loading is the total mass of an object divided by the area of its wing. Calculate the ratio of the wing loading of a Boeing 747 to that of a Monarch butterfly and multiply it by the ratio of the average flight speed of a Boeing 747 to that of a Monarch butterfly.
In the board game Risk, each of the six players receive armies that consist of infantry, cavalry, and artillery. Suppose each of them were their full size equivalent. If all infantry (from all six armies) were running, all cavalry were galloping, and all artillery fired a cannonball, what is the total kinetic energy, in eV?
Calculate 10^100 − 10^99 − 10^98 − . . . − 10^1 .
How many unique tetrominoes are there? Tetrominoes are any arrangement of four squares on a grid such that all four are connected by edges. Rotationally symmetric (in the grid plane) pieces are only counted as one unique piece.
How many bird species are there in North America?
If you gained one dollar per mouse click, and you click at a continuous rate of the fastest click a human can achieve, how long in years would it take for you to reach Jeff Bezos’ net wealth?
How tall are you, in millimeters?
If each US citizen paid an equal amount to pay off the US national debt, how many dollars would each person have to pay?
Ti-5Al-5Sn-ELI is a Titanium alloy composed of (in weight percentage) 5% Aluminum (Al), 5% Tin (Sn), and the base metal Titanium (Ti). How many cans of Arizona iced tea do you need to provide enough aluminum for a kilogram of Ti-5Al-5Sn-ELI?
How many gallons of milk are sold in the US a year?
What will the overall BirdSO Satellite B/C (not just Fermi Questions) winning team’s team number be?
What will the winning team score for BirdSO Satellite B/C (not just Fermi Questions) be?
What is the sum of the numbers from 1 to 105 ?
How many cars were scrapped in the EU in 2019?
What is 2× (the number of letters in the English alphabet)?
The current world record single for the 3x3 Rubik’s Cube is 47 seconds by Yusheng Du. If he could continue solving at world record pace, how many times could he solve the Rubik’s Cube in one day?
How many mitochondria are in the average adult human body?
How many dollars worth of salmon does an adult female brown bear consume a year?
The board game Monopoly includes a certain amount of money for the bank and a number of “Get Out of Jail Free” cards. Suppose the bank money is equivalent to real life money and each card is worth the median bail in California, how many Monopoly sets would you need to purchase the average home in Palo Alto in 2021?
Assuming that the Emus won the Emu War with the minimum number of emus they needed to win and that the chances of the emus winning is proportional to human population, how many emus would there have to be worldwide in order to win an Emu War against all humans today?
How much would it cost in USD to cover the average American house in 24 inches of fake snow?
How many molecules of ATP are used in an average human in one day?
The NBA trade deadline was pretty recent. What is the total value in Japanese Yen of all contracts traded on the trade deadline?
How many Greek triremes could float on the Aegean Sea, packed as tightly as possible but not stacked on top of one another?
How many times more money would you gain from sweeping gold medals in the Winter Olympics (and selling for the equivalent precious metal value) compared to sweeping gold medals at a 23 event Science Olympiad competition (and selling for the purchase value)?
The winner of the 2013 MIT Mystery Hunt’s team name was the complete text of Atlas Shrugged. How many words long is that team’s name?
How many times more energy is released due to the mass-energy equivalent of of glucose compared to the metabolism of glucose?
How many characters are in the text of this test?
What is the mass of all humans on Earth in daltons?
How many ways are there to make change for a dollar?
What is the worldwide coffee bean production, in picograms?
How many gallons of water does it take to grow one almond?
What is the difference in dollars between the amount of Skittles and the amount of Swedish Fish sold in the US in 2017?
What percent of the world’s salt is used to de-ice American roads?
How much power (in Watts) did the space shuttle consume?
There are a total of 636 teams attending the 2022 BirdSO tournaments. Suppose geon, in their benevolence, decided to give away free T-Shirts to four teams. How many ways are there to randomly select those four winners?
The mantis shrimp has sixteen color-receptive cones. One can assume that if they developed advanced technology, they would eventually create RGBESUCLYKNOZWJM LEDs (as opposed to our RGB LEDs). If each color can have an intensity level of 0 to 6, how many possible colors would there be?
How many carbon atoms does an average size antigen contain?
We are designing a space station that can mimic Earth’s gravity using centrifugal acceleration. Sup- pose the space station is a spinning torus with a diameter equal to the width of the ISS, what angular acceleration would be needed, in arcseconds per second?
In Beauty and the Beast, Gaston famously ate 4 dozen eggs each day in his childhood (let’s assume until age 18), and then upon adulthood, he ate 5 dozen eggs each day. How many kilocalories worth of protein has Gaston eaten from eggs in his life so far? Gaston is canonically 25 years old.
Minecraft Steve decides to rob a bank. He mines through the obsidian walls and fills his inventory (36 slots) with stacks (64 items per stack) of gold blocks (each block is 1 meter3 ). What equivalent USD value of gold did Steve escape with?
How many meters would a strand of DNA be that could hold the entire data storage of the internet?
Count the number of unique homeomorphically irreducible trees of size n=
In case you weren’t aware, Donkey Kong’s Coconut Gun can fire in spurts. What the DK Rap didn’t tell you was that his Coconut Gun can also fire constantly, shooting coconuts about as quickly as a real-life machine gun. If Donkey Kong were to buy all the coconuts produced in the world in 2020, how many hours could he fire his coconut gun before running out of coconuts?
How many attoparsecs are in a foot?
Norway is the 118th most populous country in the world. What is the population of Norway?
How many fish are there, on average, per meter cubed of water in the earths ocean?
The James Webb Space Telescope was recently deployed to L2, a point of equilibrium (one of five) in space relative to the Sun and the Earth. The equation to calculate L2 is [M1/(R+r)^2] + [M2/r^2] = [(M1*R/(M1+M2)) + r]*[M1+M2/ r^3] where M1 is the mass of the larger object, M2 is the mass of the smaller object, R is the distance between the two objects, and r is the distance to L2 from the smaller object. Calculate the distance, in meters, to L2 for a system with a 0 × 1030 firkin and a 5 × 1022 firkin object that are 2 × 10^10 furlongs apart.
How many 2 liters bottles of Coke would you need to bottle such that the amount of CO2 in the Coke is equivalent to the amount of CO2 released from streaming everything on Netflix?
Express Hubble’s constant (taken as 68 km/s/Mpc) in Planck units, given: 1 Planck Length = 616255 × 10−35 m, 1 Planck Mass = 176434 × 10−8 kg, 1 Planck Time = 391247 × 10−44 s
How many prime numbers are there that are less than the number of kilometers that equal the diameter of the observable universe?
The AIME has fifteen questions, each of which with an answer that is an integer from 000 to 999 inclusive. If you guessed all the questions on the AIME, what is the probability that you get exactly 12 questions correct?
The median person has ten fingers and can easily press ten keys on a keyboard at once. They could even use their palms to press more keys. Suppose the median American woman (by weight) can somehow distribute their entire body mass to press keys. How many Anne Pro 2 60% keyboards with Gateron Brown switches could they press down at once?
Compute 2^2^2^2^2 .
Express Coulomb’s constant 988 × 109 kg m^3 /s^2 C^2 using the units (picogram)(smoot)^2 (miles)/ (Planck time)(femtosecond)(exacoulomb)(yottacoulomb)
Calculate 2[6]2 (alternate formatting 2↑↑↑↑2) where [6] or ↑↑↑↑ represents hexation. Hexation is defined as iterated pentation, pentation is defined as iterated tetration, and tetration is defined as iterated exponentiation. (Exponentiation is iterated multiplication, and multiplication is iterated addition).
In the video game Stardew Valley, one cup of coffee costs 300g (g is the in-game currency). Buying three coffees in the game allows you to cook a Triple-Shot Espresso, which sells for 450g. If you were to convert the United States’ yearly coffee consumption into Triple-Shot Espresso, how much g would you lose?
How many buckminsterfullerene (buckyballs) can you create using all the carbon in the air inside a standard soccer ball?
Convert 1 (tons4 × nanograms3 × parsecs2 × years) / (attoseconds2 × light year × pounds3 × kilograms3 ) to newton-seconds (standard SI units)
If I randomly shot a bullet horizontally at a 1 cm wide target 10 meters away every minute with my mouth wide open and pointed to the sky, and everytime I hit the target, a flying bird would poop somewhere on earth, and everytime I had bird poop land into my mouth, I would run a one mile loop, how many food calories would I burn purely from running in a galactic year?
If all of the energy from a type Ia supernova was pumped into the ice in Antarctica, what would be the final temperature of the ice?
If a photon with a wavelength of Planck’s length were to collapse its mass-energy equivalent to a black hole, how long in seconds would it take for this black hole to evaporate due to Hawking radiation, given that the lifetime of a black hole with the mass of the sun is around 2E67 years, and that time taken to evaporate is inversely proportional to the mass3 ?
How much value was erased from the stock market during the 2008 recession, measured in US dollars?
How many people in the US are named Katherine?
How many donuts are sold by Krispy Kreme in a year?
How many points did Kareem Abdul-Jabbar score during his entire NBA career?
What was Nike’s total revenue during the 2022 fiscal year, measured in US dollars?
What is the area of the Amazon rainforest, measured in square miles?
What is the total number of wins that the Patriots franchise has?
What was Pokemon Go’s active user count in 2021?
What was the peak value attributed to FTX prior to its bankruptcy, measured in Zimbabwean dollars?
How many Google searches were made in the past year?
What is the distance between Jupiter and Earth, measured in meters?
What is the diameter of a proton, measured in Planck lengths?
How many hairs are there on the heads of people living in the city of Providence, RI?
How many red blood cells are there in the average adult human?
What is the combined length of all fingernail growth of an average human in their lifetime, measured in miles?
What is the distance traveled by the cereal you had for breakfast from the point of consumption to the point of excretion, measured in angstroms?
What is the length of a typical mitochondria, measured in light-years?
How much does a mole of the protein Titin weigh, measured in grams?
How much area would all of the pages of the books in the Library of Congress cover, measured in square feet?
What is the distance that the average human walks in their lifetime, measured in femtometers?
How much water is there on Earth, measured in cups?
How many lawyers are there in the state of California?
How many billiard balls would it take to fill up the water tanks of the Georgia aquarium?
How much data is used in the process of streaming a 2-hour long movie in HD on Netflix, measured in bits?
What is the cost of a Big Mac, measured in Brown University endowments?
How far does a sloth travel in a day, measured in marathons?
How long ago was the sinking of the Titanic, measured in the age of the universe?
How many Olympic-sized swimming pools would fit inside a coffee mug?
How many unique ordered arrangements of a standard deck of 52 playing cards are there?
How many permutations are there of the letters in “BrownUniversityScienceOlympiadInvitational”?
What is the natural log of 12345 raised to the power of the natural log of 54321?
What is 17 raised to the power of 71?
How many moles of water are found on Earth?
The mass of the Sun is equivalent to the mass of how many school buses?
The wavelength of visible green light is equivalent to how many toothpick diameters?
The volume of the Pacific Ocean is equivalent to the volume of how many keyboard keys?
How many loops would be drawn in the first 200,000 digits of Pi? (For the sake of this question, 4 isn’t considered to have a loop while 6856 has four)
How many bolts of lightning strike Earth’s surface each year?
How many nanoseconds of content is uploaded to YouTube in two weeks?
How many terameters are in an angstrom?
What percentage of the total water on Earth is found in rivers?
What percentage of people who have ever lived are alive today?
How many total schools are in the state of Florida?
What is the fuel cost, in cents, of a road trip from Tampa to Philadelphia?
How many humans would it take to accumulate enough total DNA to string together a strand that is equivalent to the estimated diameter of the observable universe?
What is the ratio of wheels to doors on Earth?
What is the ratio of the human population in 2000BCE to the population in 8000BCE?
What is the total number of reported Covid-19 cases worldwide?
How many species of insect are found in Florida?
How many amperes is enough to kill an average adult male?
What is the time, in seconds, it takes for a photon to travel across downtown Tampa?
If a coin is flipped 239 times, what are the odds of getting all heads? (The common log of 2 is about .30)
How many meters do you travel in total displacement within the milky way galaxy over a lifetime?
How many words will you speak in a fortnight?
How many carbon atoms are found in a 20 fl oz bottle of Coca-Cola?
What is 10^[(2*log(5)) + log(10) + log(4)]?
What is the probability of a randomly selected person on Each having an IQ of above 200?
How many femtojoules are in a petajoule?
A particle is placed in a rigid box (the walls are impenetrable). What is the probability of finding it anywhere within? For reference, the one dimensional wave equation is ψ=Asin[(nπ/L)*x]
Without accounting for inflation, how much money, in US dollars, did the highest grossing film of all time generate?
What is the coefficient of kinetic friction for wet ice?
How long is the total length of your short and long intestine in meters?
A 27 base pair DNA strand could theoretically code for how many different polypeptides?
How much heat, in joules, is required to raise the temperature of all of the earth’s ocean water by 2 degrees celsius?
What is 3^[(4*4)+14] * 9^[6+(4^3+3^4)]? For reference, the common log of 9 is about
How many air molecules in a breath you take could have been shared by Einstein during his life?
How many words comprise the entire Harry Potter book series?
At its all time high, what would be the height, in meters, of 2023 bitcoin as a stack of one hundred dollar bills?
How many hours of coursework/studying does it take to complete a bachelor’s degree?
Approximately how many mutations have occurred in the DNA of your cells over the course of this testing block (1 hour)?
BullSO has been a tournament for how many science olympiad seasons?
How many words are on this exam (including the introduction and instructions)? [40 question exam]
First things first, I figured the best butter chicken recipe must be in India. Therefore, I got on a flight there. How long is the distance between the San Francisco airport and Mumbai, India in miles?
As it turns out, the plane has a new engine that uses hydrogen as fuel. State the distance between San Francisco and Mumbai in hydrogen atom radii, instead.
After making it to India, I felt a little bit tired from the long flight. How many hours are spent on airplanes every day?
In order to buy butter chicken, I have to convert my US dollars to rupees. How many rupees is the GDP of the United States in 2022?
Finally, I also need a hotel to stay in to search for butter chicken. How much money, in rupees, in total around the world is spent on hotels every minute? Now that I’ve made it into India and gotten myself settled, I can start looking for the perfect bowl of butter chicken. I’ve decided to learn a bit more about the dish. I also have to dish out some questions.
India, being the culinary capital that it is, consumes a large amount of butter chicken. If every atom of butter chicken consumed in 2022 was a full bowl of butter chicken, how many years would the giant chicken ball feed the Earth if everyone on Earth ate only butter chicken from that bowl? (Assume we don’t get sick of butter chicken.)
Butter chicken isn’t the only dish served in India. What is the proportion of all dishes served in India that is butter chicken?
Garam masala is an integral part of butter chicken. However, I’ve forgotten which ingredients are in garam masala. How many ways are there to choose a subset of spices that belong in garam masala?
Similarly, I’ve forgotten the ingredients in the dish itself. Assuming that garam masala is a single ingredient, how many ways are there to choose a subset of ingredients of butter chicken?
As I journey through India, I can see a lot of cows. As I’m hungry for butter chicken, I am wondering how much of it I can have. If all the milk from cows in India is used to make butter for butter chicken, how many plates of butter chicken can we make in a year?
Restaurants tend to serve a lot of rice. If we filled the volume of an entire restaurant with grains of uncooked basmati rice, how many grains would it take?
If I placed 1 grain of rice on the first square of a chessboard, 2 grains on the second, 4 grains on the third, and 2^(n-1) grains on the nth square, how many grains of rice would be on the entire chessboard?
Rice often comes in 25-pound bags at the supermarket. How many of these bags are consumed daily in the world?
If the surface area of every planet in the Solar System was covered with rice paddies, how much water, in liters, would be needed to irrigate them? Assume the rice is grown in wet paddies.
Water is also needed to cook rice. How much water, in liters, would one need to cook all of the rice grown on these planetary paddies of plunderous, plump perfection?
How many restaurants are in India?
If only one restaurant in India has perfect butter chicken, on average, how many restaurants do I have to visit to have a 50% chance of finding that one?
If it takes an hour to review one plate of butter chicken, how many times can I visit every restaurant in India in my lifetime? Ignore travel time.
In rupees, how big is the restaurant industry in India?
If every Fermi Questions competitor at an average invitational ate a meal of butter chicken at an Indian restaurant once every day since the creation of the universe, how much money in rupees would they have spent?
Assuming I’ve visited half of the restaurants in India on foot, how many steps have I made? (Assume optimal solution to traveling salesman problem.)
How many plates of butter chicken would I need to eat to travel that distance?
Assuming everyone from the US drove to every restaurant in India. If we make this a yearly tradition, how many gallons of gas will we use before the return of Halley’s comet? (Assume everyone drives their own car.)
As The Proclaimers once said, “I would walk 500 miles and I would roll 500 more.” If I rolled inside a giant hamster wheel, how many servings of butter chicken would I need to have enough energy to travel those 500 miles?
If driving evenly deposited rubber over the street, how many tires would I have to drive through to deposit a 1-meter thick layer of rubber over 500 miles?
How much money, in USD, is spent at Michelin-star restaurants every year?
What proportion of restaurants are Michelin starred?
Assuming you were constantly eating, how many nanoseconds would it take you to eat everything the world eats in a year?
Assuming all people eat on plates, how many barns of plate surface is washed every year? Count only the top surface that touches food.
If every menu in the United States was stacked on top of each other, how many cows high would they reach?
What is 2023! * 20! * 23! (Very cliche question.)
I, being a high school student, must study for the SAT. If I were to guess on every question in both math sections of the SAT, what is the probability that I’ll get 90% or above? (Assume all questions are multiple-choice with 4 answers.)
Seeing that my chance here is dismal, what is the chance that I obtain an above-average math score on the SAT? (If I were to guess on every question in both math sections of the SAT, what is the probability that I’ll get 90% or above? (Assume all questions are multiple-choice with 4 answers.))
How many vertices are on every platonic solid, combined?
Another cliche question: what is the 2023rd Fibonacci number?
How many letters are in all Goosebumps books, combined?
How much energy, in terms of plates of butter chicken, would it take to press down the keys on a typewriter to write every book in the Library of Congress?
What fraction of the permutations of 6 arbitrary letters consist of a valid 6-letter word in English?
It is often said that “a picture is worth a thousand words.” If we converted all words in the English language into pictures, how many cartridges would it take to print them if each picture was on a piece of 5’’x11’’ paper?
If I wrote a book every day on paper made from a tree currently on Earth, how many nanoseconds would it take for me to use up every tree?
If I had an atom of Uranium-235 that formed at the birth of the Universe, what’s the chance it’s still an atom of Uranium-235 today?
If I created a baseball-sized lump of alpha particles and they traveled together at their normal speed, what would be their kinetic energy? Assume they are perfectly packed together.
If I liquified a mole of moles and shaped that mole into a sphere, how many barns would the surface area be? (Hail Randall Munroe)
How many nanograms of ATP will be produced if a cubic smoot of butter chicken was metabolized perfectly?
How much energy, in Joules, is needed to propel a cannonball at the edge of space to orbital velocity?
If Rockefeller’s fortune accrued interest in a typical bank from the beginning of the universe, how many Chinese Yuan would it be worth now? (Note: The scoring for this question is different. The score is 5 if your estimate n if you calculate your answer as 10^n is within a factor of 10 of the true answer, 3 if within a factor of 100, and 1 if within a factor of )
How many red blood cells were shed by the soldiers killed in the Civil War?
Enrico Fermi, the scientist our event is named after, pioneered nuclear energy. How many grams of uranium would remain in a 1kg block of pure U-235 created when Fermi was born?
If we took every strand of hair from every human ever born and laid them end to end, how many lightyears would that mega-hair stretch?
In the bible, there was a cup described that had a perimeter of 30 cubits. Convert that to Smoots.
How much volume would a mole (unit of measurement) of moles (the small furry critter) take up? [L]
How long would it take for an average kid to completely fill up a pool with saliva? Assume no evaporation. [years]
If a 185 lb adult human climbed a staircase from earth up to space, how many Calories would be burned climbing to the top? [Calories]
Estimate how many snowflakes it would take to cover the entire world (not including oceans) in 3 meters of snow. Assume no compression over time. [snowflakes]
How many keystrokes would be required to write all of Williams Shakespeare’s plays? [keystrokes]
After the age of 5, 75% of the world’s population stops producing the enzyme, lactase, required to break down the sugars in milk, and they develop lactose intolerance. Lactaid is an enzyme supplement that supports lactose digestion. Determine the total number of Lactaid pills needed to ensure each of these individuals can enjoy a gallon of ice cream. Three original strength pills should be used per serving of dairy. [pills]
If you could collect all the viruses on earth, how many tall Starbucks cups (12 fl.oz.) could you fill to the brim? [cups]
In order to print the whole English Wikipedia assuming it stops updating at this point in time, how many pages would you need? [pages of 5x11 inch paper, 12 point font, singled-spaced]
How many pieces of luggage go through Seatac airport in a year?
How many words are spoken by the entire US population in a year? [words]
Approximately, how many blades of grass would it take to feed a 450 kg dairy cow for a week? [blades]
How much food does an average person eat in their lifetime? [g]
Estimate how many molecules of oxygen would be needed to combust enough octane to drive from California to New York. [molecules]
Estimate how many holiday cups are sold during the months of November through January at Starbucks in the US. [cups]
Determine the number of barns [Barn = 00 * 10 -28 m2 ] covered by Washington state’s apple orchards.
Estimate the total number of meters a team runs in an average FIFA World Cup soccer match.
Determine how many times a typical hummingbird flaps its wings in its lifetime.
Estimate how much time was globally streamed by Spotify listener’s over the past 5 years. [weeks]
Assuming no other expenses, determine the number of hours you would have to work at a minimum wage job to pay for 4 years worth of college tuition at a top-tier college. [hours]
Suppose you could harvest the energy from a fidget spinner’s rotational energy to charge your iphone. How many spins would it take to fully charge the battery?
A sheppey is the distance from which one has the most picturesque view of a sheep. This distance is 7⁄8 of a mile. At how many sheppeys/hour, does one need to travel to reach the Sun from Earth in an average human’s lifetime?
How many grains of rice are consumed in a single day around the world?
How many Hershey’s chocolate kisses would you have to melt to make a lifesize model of the moon? [chocolate kisses]
Approximately how many popcorn kernels are popped in all the movie theaters across the US on an average Saturday? [kernels]
Objects like the International Space Station travel about 100 miles above the surface of the Earth. If you have the wonder (and patience) on a clear night, you can see it pass overhead every 90 minutes. How fast do they travel to avoid falling back to Earth? [m/s]
How many gulps would it take to swallow Earth’s oceans?
Estimate how much a cup of tea heats up when you stir it for 2 min? [degrees C] Assume no cooling.
Suppose you were taking the SAT and decided to randomly guess on every multiple choice question. What are the odds that you would get all the questions right? Note: there are 158 total questions, each with 5 choices.
Suppose you wanted to send a radio message to the nearest exoplanet 4 light-years away. You have a great transmitter and power source large enough to provide electricity to Portland, OR. Estimate the intensity of the signal when it reaches the far-away planet. [dB]
How long could you power a game console if you were able to harness all the energy from a lightning strike? [min]
How much gravitational potential energy is stored in the water of a typical rainstorm? [J]
Estimate the number of Calories consumed at winter holiday parties in the United States.
What is the mass of all the DNA in a typical human? [kg]
How much energy is converted from gravitational potential to electricity by the Grand Coulee Dam? Answer in terms of HME [hamster wheel equivalents / min].
Estimate the cost of one minute of class time at a top-tier private university. [US $]
How many acres of coffee farms are required to supply enough coffee beans to meet the yearly demand in the United States?
What is the mass of the ink in a printed book? [g]
Estimate the thickness of a US penny. [copper atoms]
How fast does human hair grow? [miles / lifetime]
Estimate the rate at which electric charge flows through wires when someone charges their cell phone. [electron charge / second]
In the Incredibles universe, Frozone frequently creates ice bridges to slide across. (See figure at right.) To create the ice bridge, energy must be absorbed from the water vapor in the air so that it condenses and then freezes. Since we don’t see Frozone’s surroundings heat up when he uses his powers, let’s suppose that he absorbs that energy. Imagine he absorbs the energy from his surroundings to create an ice bridge 30 m long. How many single-serving bags of Doritos would he have to eat to gain the equivalent amount of energy?
In the Incredibles universe, Elastigirl is able to stretch to remarkable lengths. One possible mechanism might be that Elastigirl rearranges her cells rather than changing the volume of her cells. In that scenario, estimate the circumference of her upper arm (i.e., her biceps + triceps) [cm] if she stretches her arm to 10 m.
How much banana is too much banana? Bananas contain significantly high potassium concentrations. Potassium is an essential element for life as we know it. Among other things, it facilitates the normal transmission of signals through the nervous system. But, in nature, about 012% of potassium is the radioactive isotope potassium- Thus, the potassium-40 (K-40) in a single banana exposes a person to about 100 nSv (also known as a banana equivalent dose or BED). A lethal dose of radiation for 50% of people in 30 days (LD50/30) is about 5,000 mSv. Estimate the volume of bananas required to provide a lethal exposure to K- [classrooms]
Estimate how much helium you would need to float away on a lawn chair. [birthday balloons]
You see color because the cones in your retina interact with certain wavelengths of light (420 - 720 nm). If you had the same number of cones but could see the energy from a radio tower antenna transmitting at 5 MHz, what would the radius of your eyes be? [cm]
In the Marvel universe, Thor sometimes pounds his magical war hammer on the ground to create a shock wave to knock his opponents down. If his foes are 6 m away, estimate the pressure at the point of contact between the hammer and the ground. [atm] For the sake of this estimate, assume his foes are humanoid and have human mass.
If you walked at a snail’s pace in an approximately straight line, estimate how long it would take to travel from Camas to the top of Mt. Rainier. [hrs]
Estimate the amount of energy it takes to smile. [J]
How many hot dogs are eaten at a Boston Red Sox game?
How many liters of water are there in Earth’s oceans?
How many electrons in a mole of neutral oxygen gas?
How many rotations does a school bus tire make during a twenty-five-mile trip?
How many pennies are in $56,45
On Earth, how many millimeters long would the string on a simple pendulum have to be to have a period of one minute?
What is the mass of the moon in grams?
On average, how many hours of television commercials does a school student see during four years of high school?
If the entire human population could fit on one scale, what would it read in ounces?
How long in days does it take a quarter to fall 100 meters?
How many blades of grass are there on the playing area of a football field?
How many tick marks are there on a meter stick (including both metric and empirical sides)
How many Taco Bell burritos would it take to equal the price of an average college textbook?
How many electrons would you need to balance the weight of J.J. Thompson?
What is the wavelength of violet light in miles?
How many seconds is the average lifetime?
How many Oxygen molecules are there in a cup of water?
How many Joules of kinetic energy does a proton moving at 50% the speed of light have?
What would be the mass in grams of an ice cube the size of a tractor trailer?
How many words are in the Oxford English dictionary?
How many times would your heart beat during a sixmonth trip to Mars?
How many bits of information can be stored on a standard CD-ROM?
64!
How many M&M candies would fit in a Prius
What is the voltage necessary to move a single electron through a 670 Ω resistor?
How many electrons move through a 60W bulb in one hour?
What would the weight in pounds be of a fifty-foottall woman?
How many books are there in the library of congress?
How many possible combinations are there for a standard 3x3 Rubik’s cube?
How many square millimeters are in a square mile?
What number of US dollar coins would you have to lay on the surface area of the Earth in order to fully cover it?
How many hairs are on a black bear?
How long a line in millimeters will an average Bic pen write?
How many letters are in a Campbell Biology textbook?
6^457
How many inches per minute does light in a vacuum travel?
How many golf balls would fit inside the sun?
If you start with $1000, how many dollars would you have in 1,000 years with an annual return of 3%
How many grains of sugar are in a 50-pound bag of pure cane granulated sugar?
How many water balloons can you make out of the Earth’s entire ocean?
How many pounds of rice will the average Japanese eat in their lifetime?
How many miles of road are in the US interstate system?
How many atoms are in the human body?
How many US dollar bills would it take in order to create a stack from Stockholm to Beijing?
How many Pascals would the air pressure be in a bubble one mile below the surface of the ocean?
How many calories of energy is needed to evaporate the entire Atlantic Ocean?
How many grains of sand are there in the top most layer of the Sahara Desert?
What is the sum of all integers from one to one septillion, exclusive?
How many gallons of diesel fuel would it take for a town of 2000 people to travel in school busses from Montana to Texas?
How many questions are on this test?
How many golf balls would it take to fill up all the tanks in the Atlanta Aquarium?
 What is the weight in nanograms of all the coffee beans that were consumed in 2022?
DISCARDD DISCARD
How many valid unique solved Sudoku puzzles exist?
At what speed do I need to throw a basketball in meters per second from the surface of Mercury for it to escape Mercury’s atmosphere?
How long would it take in seconds for an ant to diagonally cross a football field?
With what force in Newtons should I throw an ostrich egg at a 45 degree angle if I want it to land 85 meters away?
For how many days can a person survive on all of the oxygen produced by the Amazon rainforest in one minute?
How many unique legal chess positions are possible after both sides have played 8 moves each?
How many plastic bags need to be burnt to generate enough power to operate the Large Hadron Collider for a year?
What is the value of the 5,000,000 th term of the Fibonacci sequence?
How many calories are there in a Pizza Hut Pepperoni pizza the size of a baseball field?
How many dozens of glazed donuts can I buy from Dunkin Donuts in a year with the yearly salary of a US Senator?
How long in minutes will it take a person to play Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony at each of London’s metro stations? (you do not need to account for travel time between stations)
How many atoms are there in a basketball?
What was the power in watts needed to run New York’s train system in 2021?
How many meters on average did a person in Switzerland travel by train in 2021?
If you randomly pick 5 distinct letters of the English alphabet (in a particular order) what is the probability that they form a word present in the Oxford Dictionary?
How much memory in bytes does it take to store all the English books ever written in a PDF format?
How many credit card transactions took place in the world in 2022?
How many pennies need to be stacked to reach the height of the top of the Empire State Building?
What is the average value of a credit card transaction in the United States in dollars?
Tom has a chess board with 1 jellybean on the first square, 3 jellybeans on the second square, 9 jellybeans on the third square and so on with the nth square having 3^(n-1) jellybeans on it. How many jellybeans does Tom have in total?
How many people can the Eiffel Tower hold at maximum capacity?
At what temperature in Kelvin does a forest fire burn?
How many liters of sanitizer were consumed in 2021?
How many cups of coffee are consumed in the United States every day?
How many strands of hair are there on all the heads of people in the world?
How many seconds of videos have been uploaded to YouTube in 2021?
What is the value of the 1,000,000th term of the Catalan sequence?
How many toothpicks are needed to completely cover the body of a blue whale?
How many pounds of chicken are used every year by Chipotle?
How much power in watts was needed to power UNC’s campus for the year 2021?
How many unique types of bacteria exist in the small intestine of the average person?
How much coal, in kg, needs to be burned in a coal-fired power plant to provide enough electrical energy for a typical 100 Watt light bulb for one year?
How many light years are there in 30 kiloparsecs?
What is the total length in cm (placed end to end) of all of the blood vessels in the human body?
How many quills does an average porcupine have?
What is the total distance for a round trip visit from Venus to Mars in km?
How many km in 165 nm?
How many crayons can be produced with one acre of soybeans?
What fraction of a mile is a cm?
How many km are there in a light-year?
Estimate the volume of Lake Superior in cubic km.
How many seconds are there in 15 chronon?
What is the wavelength in miles of red light?
What is the probability of winning the MegaMillions Jackpot 2 consecutive weeks by buying only one ticket per week?
How much energy per einstein is emitted from the radio station “Hits 5 FM”? Answer in kilojoules per Einstein.
As of November of 2004, how many non-trivial zeroes of the Riemann Zeta Function have been calculated?
What is the value of 1 googol times one centillion?
What is the gravitational force (in newtons) between a standard shot-put and a standard baseball placed on opposite goal lines of a football field?
How many milligrams of tea (not including water) are there in China?
If you counted all of the stars in the Milky Way at a rate of one star per second, how many years would it take you to finish?
How many cubic centimeters of diesel fuel are consumed by a cruise liner the size of Queen Elizabeth II on a voyage of 100 nautical miles?
How many cups of water at room conditions would it take to equal the mass of the world’s largest rubber band ball?
If you rolled a pair of dice a million times, how many times would probability suggest that you would roll a combined roll of 2?
What is the sum of all of the odd numbers between 1 and 1,000,000?
How many milligrams are in a carat?
How much is the average number of inches of precipitation in a century for the world’s rainiest city, Kaurai, HI?
How many drops of water are needed to fill a swimming pool (20 x 12 x 2 meters)?
Estimate the number of molecules in each liter of air in the Earth’s atmosphere.
An atomic clock is driven by so many radiation cycles of cesium-133 per second. How many radiation cycles would occur in one year?
How many yards of duct tape would it take to cover the world in duct tape?
How many electrons would there be in 15 amperes of electrical current running through a wire?
If you line up human rod cells (photoreceptors in your eye), how many can you fit if you start from sea level and travel down to the lowest point on earth?
How many carbon atoms fit from the distance from sea level to the highest point on earth?
Every time someone searches something on Google, Bob punches his friend Howard right smack in the gut! How much energy in joules has Howard's abdomen taken in over a century of searching? (Assume a constant searching rate)
How many tons of potassium ions is excreted from the average adult through urine in a day?
How many internet users are using a VPN to access content blocked by The Great Firewall in China?
How many days would it take one person to shed enough skin cells (stacked on top of each other) to reach the height of the tallest building in the world?
How many milligrams of glass would you need to cover the entire surface of the moon in a 5 cm layer of glass?
How many joules would you need to launch a one kilogram salamander into low Earth orbit?
How many E. coli could grow from a single cell (assuming unlimited resources) in the time it takes for Mars to complete one orbit of the sun?
How many bowls of instant noodles could you purchase with the total cost of attending UC Berkeley as an out of state student in 2017?
How many megabytes are used in a year long video call between two mobile devices on Skype?
How many pounds of CO2 are created by a plane flying from Boston to Houston?
How many calories do I burn if I climb the Great Wall one stair at a time? Two stairs at a time?
How many seconds would it take to view all the snaps sent within the past hour?
What is the pressure change when a plane descends measured in pumps in a bicycle pump?
How long do three hamsters running on a wheel take to power a plane to successfully ascend?
How many gallons of water is needed to produce all the cotton needed for clothing production each year in the US?
Suppose my friend who really likes to shake her leg can convert the energy it takes to shake her leg passively into actual energy. How many hours would she have to shake her leg to produce the amount of energy needed to power a house for a year?
Suppose you met a person on the subway to the airport. What are on the chances that you are on the same flight and end up sitting next to each other?
How many people in the US have food allergies?
How many dollars of medication is bought yearly to combat those allergies?
Suppose you visit Boston for a few days. How many people would you have to talk to at Harvard to find someone who is from the Houston area?
Glancing down at Iowa, how many ears of corn can you see from a plane hovering at the height of the clouds on a perfectly clear day?
How many gallons of ethanol is produced from the corn produced by the US in a year?
How many minutes would you have to run to burn off the splurge that you went on while you ate all the ice cream available at a grocery store?
What is the flow rate of the Allegheny River (one of the three main rivers in Pittsburgh) in cubic feet per minute?
If you had a spherical shell of pennies 1 layer thick with the Earth’s mass, what would this shell’s radius be in meters?
How many years could all the electricity on Earth be supplied using the total light energy that hits the Earth in 1 second?
How many Olympic swimming pools could be filled with all the water that rains on Earth over the course of a year?
What is the mass of the Earth’s atmosphere in kilograms?
If everyone on Earth submerged themselves in the ocean at the same time, how much would the sea levels rise, in meters?
If the Moon was made of swiss cheese, how many Calories would it be?
What is the surface area of Antarctica in acres?
Between the years of 2000 and 2020, how many people traveled through Pittsburgh International Airport?
How many miles are collectively driven by all Americans, per year?
What fraction of Americans are competing in Science Olympiad Division B or C this year?
How many breaths of air are taken by all competitors at this competition over the course of the competition?
What fraction of humans currently riding on a plane at this instant?
What fraction of humans that have ever lived are currently alive?
How many liters of water will the average person drink in their lifetime?
How many dollars worth of gold could a Boeing 747 cargo plane transport?
Over the course of the time you spend on this test, how much money will Jeff Bezos make from Amazon revenue, in dollars?
How much would a Sun-sized sphere made of pure silver cost in dollars?
How much money was spent on Halloween candy in the United States last year?
How many dollars worth of pennies are currently in circulation in the US?
What would be the value of a stack of dollar bills the height of the Statue of Liberty?
How many hours would an average American need to work in order to purchase a Boeing 787 Dreamliner?
What is the product of first ten positive perfect squares?
What is the number of digits in 1521315213?
What is the volume of an icosahedron with length 15?
What is the 2023th pentagonal number? (The first few pentagonal numbers are shown in Figure )
I have a group of 50 students, and I want to choose 15 of them to form our school’s Science Olympiad A team (without choosing events yet). How many ways can I do this?
What is 1/(1 + 1/(2 + 1/(3 + . . . )))?
What is the 50th Fibonacci number (if the sequence starts with fib(0) = 0, fib(1) = 1)?
What is the furthest possible distance between Jupiter and Saturn (in m)?
What fraction of sunlight reaches earth?
What is the ratio of mass of Neptune to mass of Earth?
What is the escape velocity of an apple in a vacuum (in m/s)?
Assuming there was a hole that leads directly to the center of the Earth, how long would it take to fall to get there (in seconds)?
How many times faster is a commercial airplane (while cruising) than a normal walking pace?
How many times could you charge an iPhone 14 using the energy released during the Trinity nuclear test?
How many newtons of force are exerted on the Earth due to the gravitational attraction of the Sun?
What is the diameter of Sars-COV-2?
How many ants are on Earth?
Number of red blood cells produced every second in the human body?
Fraction of US population with Down Syndrome?
How much honey does a honeybee make in its lifetime in kg?
What is the average lifespan of a lanternfly (in days)?
How many twists does DNA make within a single human cell?
How many classrooms does CMU have in the Pittsburgh campus?
What is the number of courses offered on the CMU Pittsburgh campus in spring 2023?
How many active student organizations does CMU have?
How many applicants were there for the class of 2026?
What is the endowment of CMU per year?
What is the size of CMU’s campus (in square meters)?
At one stroke per second with a common bicycle floor pump, how long in minutes would it take to fill the volume of the Goodyear blimp with air to atmospheric pressure? Assume no heating and no rest breaks.
How many hours would Niagara Falls have to flow to empty fill the volume of Lakes Erie, Michigan, Huron and Superior if no water flowed into the lakes?
How many hamsters would you need to run simultaneously on wheels to produce the power to run an electric oven?
How many trailers (as in tractor trailers) are there in the United States?
How many helium filled party balloons would you need to lift the Great Sphinx above the ground?
How many dollar bills would it take to cover the land mass of the United States?
How many grains of rice would have the same mass as 100 hippopotami?
How many dogs are there in the United States?
How many pounds of electrons would you need to levitate one pound of protons if they were one mile apart on Earth?
How many squirrels are there in the US?
If a major earthquake occurred in San Francisco, California, how many milliseconds would pass before the resulting shear wave reached Syracuse, New York?
The zombie apocalypse might involve the invasion of the US from another country. Tightly packed, how many zombies could be transported on a 32 kilometer long freight train out of Canada?
How many college students in the United States have blue eyes?
Of the students in question fourteen, how many will major in science or engineering?
How many feathers are removed from turkeys for one year’s Thanksgiving in the United States?
Using just the letters in the alphabet, how many unique 26-letter sequences are possible?
How many nucleons flow down the drain during an average shower?
In nanoseconds, how long would it take light to travel the length of all the roads paved and unpaved, in the United States?
How many acres of land in Texas, California, Alaska and Rhode Island combined?
How many chlorine atoms in a properly chlorinated Olympic-size swimming pool?
How many passenger cars are there in world?
If in the interest of security, an observation tower were built every two thousand feet along the shores and borders of the continental United States, how many towers would be necessary?
How fast in miles per hour would you need to be moving so that a red light you are approaching appears green?
How many robins are there in North America?
How many golf balls could be in a single layer in the country of Croatia?
What is the mass in kilograms of the number of electrons necessary to provide an average US residence with electrical power for a day?
How many 8-cut pizzas would it take to provide two slices to every 2016-2017 New York State Science Olympiad competitor?
How many deuterium atoms can be expected to be encountered in a cubic mile of sea water?
If the New York State Thruway, including the shoulders of the road, were paved with yellow bricks, how many would be necessary?
How many electrons are on the negative plate of a 17 μF capacitor charged to 480 V?
How many people in West Virginia are aged 65 and older?
How many movie tickets are sold in a year in the United States?
What is the mass in grams of the Empire State Building?
How many square feet is the country of Argentina?
How many bushels of apples does New York State harvest annually?
How many oxygen molecules (O2) does the average human inhale in their lifetime?
What would it cost in dollars to buy enough diesel fuel to transport the entire population of New York State to Miami Beach via coach bus?
What is the mass in grams of a Nimitz-class US aircraft carrier?
How many sugar cubes would you need to stack to build a tetrahedron 100’ high?
How many Escherichia coli bacteria, arranged end to end, would you need to reach across upstate New York?
What is the value in dollars of a $1,500 investment in 85 years at an annual return of 5%?
How many cubic meters would the cargo hold of Santa’s sleigh have to be to carry a twelve-inch action figure for every girl and boy in the world?
How many trees in the Adirondack Park?
How many pieces of popcorn would it take to make a garland that wraps around the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree once every foot?
How many inches of pencil would it take to draw a line around the equator of the Earth?
How many visible light photons per second would you have to reflect off a solar sail to accelerate a school bus at one g?
How many dump truck loads of dirt would it take to fill in the Grand Canyon?
How many AA Batteries would it take to provide the electrical power to a town of 100,000 for a day?
How many electrons in a mole of neutral water?
How many rotations does the axel of a car make during a 2-mile commute?
In honor of me eating at Cracker Barrel for the first time in my life this year, what is the annual revenue (in USD) of Cracker Barrel in 2022?
We had to Google a ton of research to create this exam. How many Google searches are done every day?
As a Midwest local, one of my favorite pastimes is sitting in cornfields. . . doing nothing. About how many pounds of corn are grown and harvested in Indiana each year?
Why do ice cubes always come as. . . cubes? Why aren’t there ice spheres? or ice cylinders? If you froze all the freshwater (include all sources, not just surface lakes, ponds, etc.) on Earth into an ice cube, what would the side length of the cube be
In the wise words of Albus Dumbledore, “Fermi Questions is the best Scioly event!” Directly after worldwide release, how many seconds did J.K. Rowling have to wait until she sold enough copies of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows to be able to stack them to the International Space Station?
One of my favorite songs is Bruno Mars’ Talking to the Moon. Unfortunately, sound does not travel through space, so Bruno’s words never made it to the moon :(. Assuming the sound does not decay, and assuming we use the speed of sound through air, How many seconds would it take your voice to travel the equivalent distance from the Earth’s surface to the moon?
Do you ever see those funny graphs Apple presents to show how much better their devices are than their competitors? It got me thinking about Apple’s new computer chips. Intel 4004 was the first ever commercially produced microprocessor. How many times more transistors are on the new Apple M2 chip, compared to the Intel 4004 chip?
Did you know that capsaicinoids are the active chemical compound found in peppers that make them spicy? How many times hotter is the hottest capsaicinoid compared to the hottest jalapeno peppers, on the scoville scale?
Sometimes, I spend more time looking for a show than actually watching a show on Netflix. How many days would it take to watch all of Netflix (assume Netflix US)?
Wow, that’s a lot of days! How many megabytes of data would it take to stream all of Netflix (assume Netflix US) in HD?
Speaking of streaming services, have you made your Spotify “playlist in a bottle”? On average, how many hours would it take for you to listen to all of the songs Spotify adds to its collection in a single day?
Fermi Questions are usually solved by what people often call “back of a napkin” calculations. If you used a BIC ballpoint pen to draw a continuous straight line, how many paper napkins would you need to draw on until the pen ran out of ink? In other words, if you used the pen to draw one single horizontal line on each napkin, where the line is equal to the side length of the square napkin, how many napkins could you draw on until the pen ran out of ink? Assume the napkin is NOT unfolded (how a paper napkin looks in its packaging).
Something I miss from high school is competing against my classmates in Kahoots. College professors should use them more often! How many Kahoot sets have been created since the inception of the site?
The Wiki Game is where you try to jump from one Wikipedia page to another by only using the hyperlinks on the pages. Across all Wikipedia articles, how many hyperlinks are there to the “United States” Wikipedia page?
One of the most popular drinks amongst my friends these days is bubble tea. Did you know bubble tea originated in Taiwan? What is the global bubble tea market value, in New Taiwan Dollars?
The New York Federal Reserve is one the most important institutions for the U.S. economy. How many Lydian stater gold coins (the first gold coin ever used for currency in the world) would equal the amount of gold stored in the New York Federal Reserve?
A famous icon of NYC is its squadron of yellow taxi cabs. How many miles do all of the taxi cabs drive in a day, cumulatively?
You may have seen this one coming. It’s the classic interview question to test your analytical skills! How many windows are in NYC? Don’t forget that all windows count: homes, cars, boats, you name it.
One of my favorite experiences in NYC has been celebrating 4th of July here. In 2022, how many shells were set off for “Macy’s 4th of July Fireworks” celebration?
We couldn’t get through the NYC section without talking about Columbia! Re- cently, Columbia has been under public scrutiny due to it giving inaccurate information to U.S. News national university rankings. As such, Columbia’s ranking dropped to 18th in 2023, compared to 2nd in If you multiplied Columbia University’s rankings in the “U.S. News Rankings of best national universities” over all years from 1988 to 2023 (inclusive), what would your answer be?
I wanted to ask this question about t-rexes but unfortunately I couldn’t find any concrete data on them :(. How many genes does a fruit fly have?
“Mexican Coke” is a special form of Coca Cola where all the sugar in it is purely real cane sugar (i.e. sucrose). How many molecules of sugar are there in a 12 oz. Mexican Coca Cola bottle?
Did you know that a parsec is not a unit of time, but rather a unit of distance? How many hours would it take the Saturn V rocket, traveling constantly at its top speed, to finish Han Solo’s famous 12-parsec Kessel Run?
In Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation, Tom Cruises’ character, Ethan Hunt, holds onto the side of a plane as it takes off. Assuming that the plane took off at a constant velocity of 200 mph, and that Ethan is holding the plane such that his body is aligned with the wind (“diver position”), how many Newtons of force are exerted on Ethan Hunt by air resistance?
We take for granted that when we charge up our batteries, they don’t get heavier... or do they? Assuming that an iPhone 14 has a 3000 mAh battery that is rated at 7 volts, how many more kilograms does an iPhone 14 weigh when fully charged, compared to when its battery is completely empty, all else equal? Assume for sim- plicity that all electrons in the battery have zero kinetic motion, regardless of the battery being charged or not.
We like to call this question the Power Tower. What is 3^3^3?
We like to call this question the (Imagine "Power Tower" but upside down) .What is 2^2^..?
Interestingly, the largest prime number ever found was discovered in For the past 4 years, nobody has cared enough to look for the next; and neither do we! Just tell us: what is the ten millionth prime number?
A tetromino is a geometric shape composed of four squares, connected orthogonally (think Tetris pieces). How many distinct ways are there to tile a 2 × 100 board with tetrominoes of any shape?
A childhood card game I loved to play with my brother is “War.” You always start your hand with half the cards in a standard 54-card deck. Assuming order does not matter, what are the total unique hands you can start out with in “War”?
How many drops of water are in Lake Ontario?
How many steps do I need to climb to burn off the calories in a slice of pizza?
How many boba balls are scooped in New York City every day?
How much electricity in watt-hours is used in NYC each day?
How many fish are in the ocean?
How many beans can you fit in a stretched stomach?
How many nature valley granola bars can fit over New York City?
How many carbon molecules are in a white cotton t-shirt?
How many skin cells are in your ear lobe?
If the Sun’s volume were to increase by the volume of the Earth, what percent would its volume increase?
How many milliliters of milk can a cow produce in its lifetime?
How many pennies are needed to cover the human body?
How long in meters can you draw a line with 5 wooden pencils?
If you melt down the Statue of Liberty, how many molecules of copper would you have?
How many milliliters of sweat are produced in the United States every year?
How long in seconds does it take for light to travel from the ceiling of this room to your eye?
How many water molecules are used in a typical 10 minute shower?
How many grams of nitrogen are in the DNA of one human cell?
What fraction of the energy that the Sun produces each year does an atomic bomb produce?
How many sprays does a bottle of perfume hold?
How many CO2 molecules does a car emit each year?
How many times does the motor of a car rotate a crankshaft each year?
If you were to melt down all the recycled glass in the US each year, what would the final volume be in cubic meters?
How many ice cubes would you need to melt to raise the ocean level enough to melt New York City?
How many feathers would it take to snap an elevator cable?
If you took all the oxygen in this room and put it on Mars, how much would it weigh in millinewtons?
How many mosquito bites are required to collect one million liters of blood?
If you were to convert the energy in bananas to fuel, how many bananas would it take to fuel a car to drive from New York City to Los Angeles?
How many liters of helium would it take to lift the average house?
How many sheets of graphene stacked vertically are as tall as the empire state building?
How many grams of salt are in the Pacific Ocean?
How many people were involved in organizing and volunteering for this event?
How many schools participated in Science Olympiad in 2021-2022?
How many text messages were sent in 2021?
2^500
3^81
42!
How many Rubik's cubes can the world record cuber solve in the duration of this test?
How many of those cubes would it take to fill the room that this test was written in?
How many water molecules would there be in an 11 x 11 x 11 cm ice cube?
How many light bulbs are sold in a year?
How many meters tall would stacking all of these light bulbs be?
How many of the world's tallest building stacked on top of each other would reach this height?
What fraction of the distance from the Earth to the Moon is this height?
How many students at Cornell will eat instant ramen in a month?
The answer if we had asked 123456789^987654321
How many votes were cast in the 2020 election?
How many likes does the most viewed video on Youtube now have?
How many dislikes does this same video have?
How much more likely are you to win the Powerball lottery on the next drawing than to be struck by lightning in your whole life?
How many pages are in all textbooks used by a physics student in all 4 years of university?
How many liters of oxygen will you breathe during the duration of the exam?
How many molecules of oxygen are in this amount?
How many 40 meter trees would be needed to produce this much oxygen in this time?
76!
How much of Earth's water-bodies by volume does Lake Cayuga cover?
f(20) for f(1) = 1, f(2) = 2, f(n) = f(n-1) * f(n-2)
How much money is traded a day in the stock market?
How many acres were burned in wildfires in California in 2021?
How many neurons does your brain have?
How much current in Amperes goes through one neuron?
How many classes does Cornell offer?
What fraction of the lifespan of the universe has Cornell University existed?
What fraction of New York State does the main campus of Cornell University cover?
How many galaxies are in the Milky Way?
How many stars are in all those galaxies?
How many hours non-stop would it take to drive from Cornell to San Francisco?
How many avocados were consumed during the last Super Bowl?
How many people watched the League of Legends World Championships online and in-person?
How many Super Bowl stadiums would be required to fit this amount of people?
How many seconds would it take for light to travel the length of all pages of this test if all the pages were put back to back lengthwise?
How many minutes would it take for you to say the entirety of the Bee Movie script?
How many times would you have to watch Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up" in order to match the length of all videos uploaded to Youtube in a minute?
How many images are generated by the AI image generator DALLE daily?
How many Wikipedia pages are there?
How many Ping-pong balls can fit in a Boeing 737?
How many Boeing 737s exist out there?
How many of the world's first computer would it take to store the world's largest game in terms of file size?
How many hours did it take to write this test?
How many people in this room will pick the most popular answer to this question?
In the time it took us to procrastinate writing this test, how many people were born?
How far away is the star Sirius from the Earth in meters?
Given 1 trillion cuts, what is the maximum number of pieces you can slice a pizza into?
Evaluate 200!
Evaluate -(999,999,999)^2+(1,000,000,001)^2
How many points have been scored in the UNC-Duke Rivalry games?
How many distinct March Madness brackets are there?
If we have a March Madness bracket and the better team (i.e rank 1 always beats rank 2, 2 will beat 3, etc.) always wins, in how many scenarios will the overall #1 ranked team and #2 ranked teams meet in the final?
How many games will be played in a March Madness style tournament with 2^100 teams?
How many points are scored in the highest scoring NBA season?
If we combine the total points scored by the top 10 NBA scorers of all time, how many of those seasons could be “played”?
If we assume all of Steph’s 3 pointers have come from the 3 point line how many times could we travel from the Earth to the Sun?
How tall in nanometers is Mt Everest?
What is the height of Duke Chapel in micrometers?
How big is Duke’s campus (including every part of Duke-owned land) according to Google in cm?
How deep in cm is the deepest part of the ocean?
How long was the 2021-2022 NBA season in nanoseconds from the first tip off to the end of the finals?
What is the total number of competitors today?
How many students apply to Duke each year?
How much gasoline is used in the entire United States in one day in gallons?
How many suns can fit in our solar system?
What is the national debt per citizen in the US?
What is US debt minus US GDP?
On average, how many times has Taylor Swift’s Anti-Hero been watched on Youtube per day since it was uploaded?
How much does one Starbucks store in Durham, NC make in one day?
How many Americans have at least 1 sibling?
How many grams of CO2 are emitted by cattle every day?
How many dentists are there per 100,000 resident population in the US?
How many zettabytes is one gigabyte?
How many zettabytes is the amount of data on the Internet?
How many gigabytes of information is in our brain?
How many brains would you need to store all the information on the Internet?
How many turkeys were eaten per American in 2022?
If all of the ice in Antarctica were to melt because of global warming, how high, in cm, would the oceans rise?
Evaluate 9^2023
How many mL of blood does our heart pump each day?
What percentage is that volume compared to mL of water on Earth?
How many inches does the average soccer player run per match?
How many soccer games will it take for all the players to run the surface area of the sun?
Assuming each of the soccer games in #38 is of the regular length of time (no extra time/penalties), how many times in a row could I binge watch Game of Thrones?
How heavy is one mol of benzene in micrograms?
How heavy is one mol of PVA?
Around what would the concentration of H+, in molar, be in PVA?
What is energy stored per mole of oxygen evolved in kcal during photosynthesis?
How many photosynthesis reactions does it take for the energy stored per mole of oxygen to power a man throughout his life?
What is the wavelength of red light in meters?
How many times could the length of red light’s wavelength travel over our skin’s surface area?
How many dollars are traded in the stock market each year?
How many times could the amount of money in #47 end world hunger for one year?
How many likes total does Elon Musk have on Twitter across all tweets?
How many characters are on this test?
The probability of rolling a 79 by rolling a die 79 times in a row.
The number of pixels on iPhones sold globally in 2021, assuming all iPhones sold were iPhone 13’s.
(TB) The capacitance in Farads of two football fields made of a perfect conductor, spaced 1 golden retriever-height apart vertically, assuming only dry air is between the fields.
The time in years that a 20-inch electric box fan can be powered if it was powered by burning all of the money gambled in Las Vegas in a year, assuming all gambled money was in the form of $1 bills.
The number of plant cells that come in contact when you (one average adult person) actually go outside and touch grass, with one palm completely covered by grass.
The number of servings of instant ramen that can be made with water collected by plowing snow on 1 acre of land after the snowiest Chicago day in February
The number of American nuclear reactors to power the world for a year.
The weight in troy ounces of all cars (ignore buses and trucks) in California today.
The number of crayons needed to mold into a 1:1 scale solid (that is, not hollow) replica of the Statue of Liberty.
The energy in BTUs to melt all of the crayons in #9 from 0 degrees celsius.
The number of rock pigeons that live in New York City.
The time in hours it takes to drive from San Francisco to Tokyo in a Honda Civic, assuming that the car drives on water and achieves the California highway speed limit throughout the entire trip.
The number of gallons of gas it would take to go through the journey in #
The time in centuries of Vsauce watched if his current total view count reflected one Mind Field episode per view.
The area in square miles of an Intel i7 chip if all CMOS transistors were replaced with BJTs on an infinite breadboard, assuming that all holes on the breadboard are filled and used solely for the BJT pins.
The price in dollars of such a computer (ignore the breadboard price).
The amplification in dB needed to return a music signal perfectly modulated and demodulated via AM radio 23 times back to its original strength.
(TB) The price in dollars of all Mac Pro Stands if every person in the world purchased one when World War 1 started, adjusting for inflation and assuming that Mac Pro Stands existed back then.
5^
The volume in milliliters of ink used to print all events’ exams today.
The number of calories that flow through Niagara Falls per nanosecond if the water was replaced with Hershey’s chocolate syrup, assuming the same weight flows through per unit time.
The volume of water in Olympic swimming pools used for showering in the US in a day.
The number of smart fridges that can be bought with the value of 10 30-second Super Bowl LVI commercial spots.
The area in square kilometers of the US that is covered by corn fields.
The volume of blood in liters donated every year in the US.
The weight in tons of the animal feed required to feed all chickens around the world in a week.
(TB) The volume in gallons of tears produced by all American undergraduate engineering majors after crying nonstop for a month.
The distance in kilometers run by all players in the World Cup in
The equivalent in number of burritos of Chipotle’s total annual revenue.
Mandy lives in a tiny cottage by a river in New Jersey. In the amount of time that it takes Mandy to knit a scarf as long as the Mississippi river, how many electrons in total pass through the lightbulbs in her humble home?
They say that it took Thomas Jefferson 1,000 tries to successfully create the first lightbulb. How many Navajo Indians died in that amount of time?
How many molecules of sodium does the average teen (yes, you) eat in a year?
How much money would AT&T make in a year if it sold its customer phone calls to the government for 1 cent per minute?
How many animals are there in the world?
How many animals were killed by humans for food in 2022?
(TB) Brahmanandam, an Indian movie star, holds the Guiness World Record for highest screen credits (number of movies he is in), with Eric Roberts coming in second place (Julia Roberts’ older brother). How many movies is Brahmanandam in?
Number of ‘a’ characters typed by software engineers in the US in a day.
How many ways are there to make change for $1?
How about for $10?
I want to make money off of TikTok. How many views in total do I need to make 10 grand from the app?
Assuming every post on the app has equal likelihood of being seen, how many posts do I need to make to ensure that I get this many views in a week?
How many times can I walk the perimeter of Vatican city in the amount of time it takes for a bullet to travel around the world?
How many iron atoms are on the head of a safety pin (the pointy part)?
How deadly was the Bubonic Plague, as compared to COVID-19 (ratio of number of deaths)?
How many school buses are needed to store the number of people who have been killed by lightning in the 21st century?
How many jars of 5 oz Nutella can fit on a Boeing 737 (assuming very efficient packing)?
You are packing a gag gift for your sister, and you want her to think it is a Boeing 737 based on the package’s mass. How many Jet-Puffed brand original large-size marshmallows are needed to accomplish this?
How many work days does 1 worker need to single-handedly rebuild the Empire State Building?
I am trying to find my birth mother, who is also from the US. Assuming she is as likely as a random US citizen to be present there, what is the probability that she is in the stadium at the 2022 World Cup Final match?
How many times can human DNA wrap around the moon?
(TB) How many times does a bee’s wings flap in a minute?
How many Dyson hair dryers do I need to leave on in order to double global annual energy consumption?
Bonus (Ungraded): How many doors and wheels are there in the world, combined (accepting all definitions of doors and wheels)?
What is the wingspan of the largest gull species, the great black-backed gull, in angstroms?
How long is the egg incubation time of a gull, in days?
In the time that Laridae, the family of seabirds including gulls, have existed on Earth, how many kilometers could an immortal seagull travel, flying nonstop at its top speed?
How many birds live on Earth?
How many bird species are there?
If all of the polar bears on Earth fought all of the penguins on Earth, how many penguins would each polar bear have to take down for there to be no penguins left at the end of the battle?
Birds will poop anywhere and everywhere. Seabird poop has been valued to upwards of hundreds of millions of dollars for the fishing industry due to their ability to fertilize and provide nutrients to marine ecosystems. How much has seabird poop been estimated to be worth annually?
If you laid out all the toilet paper bought by New York City (the city government, not the population) in a year, how long would the line be, in kilometers?
How many toilet paper squares would be needed to cover the entirety of the U.S. interstate highway system?
How large is the annual revenue of Charmin Ultra Soft, expressed in terms of the annual GDP of Tuvalu?
How many olympic-sized swimming pools could be filled by all the water used annually to produce toilet paper in the U.S.?
If all the energy used annually to produce toilet paper in the U.S. was used to power a Tesla Model 3, how far, in kilometers, could it go?
Suppose you tp Beyoncé and Jay-Z’s 200 million dollar mansion. How much will you get charged by the state of California for (the felony form of) vandalism in USD?
What was Live Nation Entertainment’s concert revenue in 2022?
How many notes are played by the pianist in Rachmaninoff’s third piano concerto?
How many times does the letter “a” appear in the 1605 novel Don Quixote?
How many seconds long are the complete works of Ludwig van Beethoven?
How many words are on the Wikipedia page for “Trombone”?
How many horses’ worth of blood could the surviving Stradivarius violins today store?
How many more units did the video game Metal Gear Solid (1998) sell than Deus Ex (2000) by 2001?
Between 2019 and 2020, by how much USD did the revenue of the North American box office fall?
How many lightning strikes occur in Florida every year?
How many ash trees in North America are threatened by the invasive emerald ash borer?
How many hectares of land in Australia are arable?
How many kilojoules are in 100 grams of black walnuts?
How many Saturns could fit into Earth’s moon?
What is the size of the Maldives in square centimeters?
According to present scientific consensus, how many species of fish are there on Earth?
What year (AD) did Constantine become the new seat of the government in the Roman Empire?
How many minutes have you lived?
The 1936 Berlin Olympics Stadium was later used as a bunker by Nazis during WWII. How many people could it hold? How many standing lighthouses remain in America?
Consider the amount of time that Steam users logged in 2020 playing video games. If Joel spends that entire amount of time calculating the digits of pi, given the formula of the average time to calculate the nth digit of pi in weeks = n^(1/2), how many digits would he manage to calculate? (He’s not the fastest at calculating these digits).
How many more bicycles are in China than in London?
As of 2021, how many answers have been provided on Stack Overflow, the largest coding Q&A site?
What is the 100th Fibonacci number?
How many happy numbers occur from 0 to 1,000,000? A happy number is defined as one where by continuously summing the squares of the digits, one eventually arrives at
For example, 13 is happy, because 1^2 + 3^2 = 10, and 1^2 + 0^2 = Assume base
How many of the values in the set of happy numbers from the previous question are prime?
Here are the first few Pentagonal numbers. What is the 103212103rd Pentagonal number?
What is the sum of the answers to the first four Math section problems?
What is the product of the answers to the first four Math section problems?
Let the correct answers to question 1, 2, 3, and 4 of the Math section be a, b, c, and d, respectively. What is a^b^c^d?
Muons that hit you every minute?
Farmers in the United States in 2022?
Time in seconds until your partner processes your whisper?
Number of carbon dioxide molecules that trees sequester every year?
Weight in Newtons of a Holy Bible on Sirius B?
Boiling point of water on Mars in Celsius?
Speed of light, in carbon radii per dog year?
Species of roses in the United States?
African elephants that could fit in Atheron?
Tinba Trojan horses on 4GB thumb drives that could fit in the original Trojan horse?
Dollars raised by Harvard affiliates in 2021 from venture or growth investors?
Bits in “byte”?
Lines of code in Google’s BERT language model?
App Store revenue in 2022?
Number of people without a bank account in 2022?
Number of people who have experienced virtual reality in 2022?
Number of ChatGPT users after its first week?
Number of Google Searches per second?
Time in seconds it takes to start watching Netflix after clicking play when not downloaded?
Time in seconds for your phone to turn off after clicking the power button?
Carats of diamonds mined every day in Kimberly in 1900?
Number of Opium users in the late Qing dynasty?
Multiple increase of British debt during World War I?
Number of people who have memorized Rudyard Kipling’s “White Man’s Burden”?
Years since Taiwan was a Chinese colony?
Number of Americans lost in the Boston Massacre?
Words coined by Shakespeare?
Federalist papers written by Alexander Hamilton?
Number of times Adam Smith uses the term “invisible hand” in “The Wealth of Nations”?
Number of British subjects when Hitler invaded the Rhineland?
Hectares to cover the city of Paris in the year the Sun King left?
Carrier pigeons sent to other cities during Paris’s siege in the Franco-Prussian war?
Skulls in Paris’s catacombs?
Number of heads that rolled in Paris during the Reign of Terror?
Prisoners in the Bastille on the eve of its storing?
Francs paid to the German Empire after defeat in the Franco-Prussian war?
Baguettes eaten daily in France?
Length in days of the German invasion of France in World War II?
Number of mirrors stolen from Venice in Versailles’s Hall of Mirrors?
Candles that lit the room where the Treaty of Versailles was signed?
How many 2x4 lego bricks would it take to equal the volume of the earth.
How many 2022 Toyota Prii (plural for Prius) stacked on top each other would it take to reach the moon.
In September 2022, two Russian gas pipes under the Baltic Sea began to leak methane. Conservative estimates suggest that methane was leaking at a rate of 500 metric tons per hour. Assume this rate is constant. How many cows would it take to “leak” methane at the same rate on average (via farting).
How much electricity was consumed in the U.S. in 2021, in kilowatt-hours (kWh)?
Part of First Lady Michelle Obama's Let's Move! Initiative, the 2010 Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act, required school meal providers to limit calories and reduce saturated fat, trans fat and sodium. Consider a man who has 20 kg of body fat when he goes on a hunger strike. Determine how long he can survive on his body fat alone in decades.
The use of messenger pigeons dates all the way back to about 3000 BC in Ancient Egypt. They were also notably used by Ghengis Khan to send messages across the vast Mongol Empire, and continued to be used as a regular means of communication as recently as World Wars One and Two. Assume I use a messenger pigeon flying at the average messenger pigeon speed to send a 1080p HD DVD copy of the movie, “Shrek the Third,” from Los Angeles, California to Seattle, Washington. What is the effective data transfer rate of this trip in Megabytes per second.
How many sheets of standard US Letter sized paper would it take to cover the surface of the moon?
How many bits of data are in all of Taylor Swift's albums (excluding her upcoming album Midnights) at FM radio quality?
How much would a Boeing 747 weigh in newtons if it's entire interior were filled with cement?
If an average human were able to grow out their hair infinitely, how long would they have to grow it in miles for the total mass of the hair on their head to be equal to the mass of an adult plains zebra?
What is (1/7) ?
How many times will the average human's heart beat in their lifetime?
How many lightning strikes occur in the United States per year?
How many molecules of water are in the average American woman?
The fibonacci sequence is a series of numbers where each number is the sum of the preceding two numbers in the sequence. For example, the series starts with 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21,.... What is the 35th term in this sequence when the first 1 is counted as the first term?
How much money did the US Federal Government collect in taxes in 35
The fashion industry has been booming in the United States. How many square yards of fabric would it take to create Highlands Virtual Invitational shirts for everyone living in America?
Salmon is an extremely versatile fish; aside from being highly nutritious, it is also prepared in various ways around the world. In Japan, salmon can be prepared as sashimi, a delicacy that many enjoy. In 2020, how many tons of salmon was consumed in Japan?
You decide to crochet a to-scale version of the moon with Bernat, size 6 blanket yarn. Walmart also ran out of stuffing, so the entirety of your to-scale crocheted moon is made out of your expensive Bernat yarn. If a skein of yarn is 300 grams for every 200 meters, how heavy will your final project be?
In continuation from the last problem, Bernat yarn is expensive, given its softness and thickness. It's coveted by many crocheters around the world. For reference, every 200 meters costs $ How much would your to-scale version of the moon cost you?
Your tournament directors have an outrageous appetite for Chinese dumplings, specifically, wontons. In fact, we love wontons so much that we hand minced 1000 pigs worth of meat and wrapped them into wontons. How many wontons did we make with 1000 pigs worth of meat? (definition of wontons: bite sized dumpling--think of a meatball wrapped in a thin dough-like wrapper)
Coconut milk is used in lots of South East Asian desserts. However, you decide to go on a diet, and instead of enjoying the coconut milk, you limit yourself to no more than a shot- glass's worth of coconut milk a day. How many days until you would have consumed enough coconut milk to fill an Olympic size swimming pool?
I love sparkling water, more than most beverages. However, whenever I buy a pack, I am often faced with the dilemma that I am buying a can that is partially air. How many balloons can I fill with the gas from a lifetime's worth of sparkling water if I drink 1 a day?
You drive the best car in the world-- a Toyota Prius. You decide to take a road trip from Omaha, Nebraska, to Irvine, California. How many times would you have to refill your gas tank during your road trip?
Nico Rosberg, the 2016 F1 champion (who beat 7x WDC Lewis Hamilton in the same machinery), has a bad habit of not turning into corners. Every time he does this, he crashes his toyota corolla. How many kitkat bars can I buy with the money lost from new cars if he encounters 3 corners a day for his entire life (not counting the first 16 where he couldn't drive)?
All you can eat buffets are the best thing in the world--endless amounts of food. How many ounces of food can an average human fit in their stomach before it would (literally) explode?
I love bananas. I take out around 4 from the dining hall everyday. If I double my intake from the previous day, every day, for 3 years, what daily value % of potassium would I have on the last day?
Antonio Browns's newest song has been played 454k times. If we dedicated the time spent listening to his "music" to folding origami cranes, how many cranes would we have? Assume you take an average amount of time to fold the first crane and that you don't get faster at folding cranes.
Next to tomatoes, avocadoes are a close second. They are high in all types of vitamins and healthy fats essential to your body. That's why guacamole is the best snack possible! In my humble opinion, I believe that a 2:1 ratio of avocadoes to tomatoes in guacamole is the perfect ratio. How many avocadoes would it take to create enough taste-test sized portions of guacamole for everyone on earth to be able to try guacamole?
Elon Musk's net worth recently went down 5%. How many happy meals could we have provided with that money?
How many soft shell tacos from Taco Bell could you have bought with the money you could've saved by getting a McDonald's adult happy meal instead of dining at Gordan Ramsey's Hell's Kitchen every night for a year?
How many molecules of hydrogen make up the sun?
How many number 2 pencils would it take to circle the earth at the equator
How many dead skin cells are shed by all the people on Earth each year?
How many cells compose the human body?
What is the surface area of North America?
How tall is mount Everest?
How long would it take to watch all the simpsons episodes in minutes? (Assume a standard episode is 30 minutes to account for commericals)
How many hairs are on the average human head?
Average number of transistors on a modern CPU?
How many manhole covers in the city of New York
How many ants would it take to lift a human?
How many trees are in the amazon rainforest?
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie roll pop?
How many Joules of energy were realised by the atomic blast in Hiroshima?
What volume of gasoline in liters is needed to accelerate an SUV from rest to highway speed?
How many ping pong balls fit inside of Earth?
How many hours of screen time does a person spend a year?
How many minutes do high schoolers spend texting in a year?
How many Legos would it take to build a to scale Empire State building?
How many miles of paved road are in the U.S?
How many generations back do you need to go for the number of ancestors to equal the current world population?
How many snow flakes have fallen on the Earth's surface since snow started falling?
How many molecules of hydrogen make up the sun?
How many steps will a human take in their lifetime?
How many steps are in the Eiffel Tower?
How many mL of water are in the Great Lakes?
How much money is spent on Christmas in the United States?
How many gallons of ice cream area consumed in the United States each year?
How many ml of blood does a mosquito take from a person?
Approximately how many seconds left do you have to left to live?
How many snails would you need to produce enough mucus to fill a bathtub in an hour?
How many letters are sent per day through USPS?
How many base pairs comprise the DNA in all of the cells in the human body combined?
How many pizza boxes would one need to make a stack the height of the Leaning Tower of Pisa?
What is the approximate population of the world?
How many people eat at McDonalds daily?
What is the size of Wikipedia in bytes?
How many stone blocks were used to build the pyramid at Giza?
How many grains of rice fit in a cup?
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
How many miles long is a honey bee?
How many planets in our universe can have life?
How many grams of deadliest poison would kill you?
In the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake in California, approximately 2 million books fell off the shelves at the Stanford University library. If you were the library administrator and wanted to hire enough part-time student labor to put the books back on the shelves in a day how many students would you need?
DISCARDD  DISCARD
How many steps will a human take in their lifetime?
How heavy is the core of the Earth?
How much money is spent on Christmas in the United States?
How many liters of beer are consumed in Germany each year?
Approximately how many seconds left do you have to left to live?
How many dump trucks are needed to move mount Fuji?
How many base pairs comprise the DNA in all of the cells in the human body combined?
How many dead skin cells are shed by all the people on Earth each year?
What is the approximate population of the world?
How tall is mount Everest?
How much cheese is consumed in the state of Wisconsin every year?
Average number of transistors on a modern CPU?
How many grains of rice fit in a cup?
How many trees are in the amazon rainforest?
How many planets in our universe can have life?
How many M&Ms would it take to fill the grand canyond?
What is the radius of the moon?
How many baseballs would fit in an Olympic sized swimming pool?
How many people attend Aneheim Disneyland each year?
How many hours of screen time does a person spend a year?
How many cups of tea is consumed around the world in a year?
How many miles of paved road are in the U.S?
How many pennies can you stack from the Earth to the moon?
How long, in hours, does it take for a beam of light to traverse the continental U.S.?
How many times does the human heart beat per year?
How many lines of code make up the Windows 10 operating system?
How many pixels is in a piece of standard paper?
How many kgs of cheese are stored in the United States national cheese bank in Missouri?
How many Olympic pools are in a cup of water?
How many cars does a person have to wash to pay off their student debt?
What is the wavelength of violet in nanometers?
How many watts of electricity to power all the lights in Las Vegas?
How many grams of trash are produced by an average family per year?
In the United States, how many swear words are spoken out loud in one average day?
If you stood still outside in the city of Chicago, trying to catch snowflakes on your tongue during an average snowstorm for 1 hour, what fraction of the snowflakes that fall on the city would end up on your tongue?
In the world, how many emails are sent in one minute on average?
If I had a nickel for every time an American driver was pulled over for speeding, how many years would it take for me to become the richest person in the world?
How many total baseballs were used during games in last year’s entire Major League Baseball season?
How many languages are still actively spoken today around the world?
How many prime numbers are there less than 1 septillion?
In the world, how many minutes of Youtube videos are watched in one day?
If you wanted to create a full-scale model of the orbits of all 8 planets in the solar system using paper clips, how many paper clips would you need?
How many total Google searches were performed in the past year?
In total, how many multiple-choice questions were bubbled in during all official SAT and ACT exams last year?
Assume you read one novel (published in English) every day for the rest of your life. What fraction of the total number of English novels ever published (including those that will be published during your lifetime) would you have read?
How many atoms compose the average human body?
How many raindrops would it take to fill the Mediterranean Sea to its full depth and extent?
How many human beings have ever been born?
What fraction of the Earth’s mass is accounted for by bacteria?
How many servings of New York-style cheesecake would be needed to balance the total number of calories collectively burned by all the runners of the New York City Marathon each year?
How many gallons of saliva does the average person produce in a lifetime?
How many space debris objects larger than 1 mm are currently in orbit around the Earth?
Assuming perfectly dark clear skies, how many stars are visible to the unaided human eye?
In your next breath, what is the probability that at least one of the molecules you breathe in was exhaled previously by Julius Caesar in his dying breath?
In the history of the Summer Olympics (since 1896), what fraction of all the medals ever awarded were won by Greece?
How many roses are sold for Valentine’s Day every year in the United States?
How many DNA base pairs are there in the human genome?
How many human beings will undergo surgery of some kind around the world this coming year?
How many middle school and high school students will compete in Science Olympiad this year in the United States?
How many acres of land in the United States are dedicated to growing Christmas trees?
Based on the recommendations set forth by the National Education Association, what is the optimal total amount of time, in hours, that students should spend on homework between the start of first grade and the end of twelfth grade?
How many distinct ways can a deck of 52 cards be arranged?
How many musical notes did Beethoven commit to paper in the manuscript of his Ninth Symphony?
Assuming the US average, how many grams of food will be wasted today by all Science Olympiad competitors?
If all competitors chose to work a Massachusetts minimum wage job instead of competing in this tournament (8 hour work day), how many Bitcoins could you make instead (1 Bitcoin ~ $13200 at time of writing)?
During the course of this event, how many tons of carbon dioxide will you have emitted by breathing?
About 2*10^38 neutrinos are created in the Sun every second. Assuming they radiate out of the Sun uniformly, how many solar neutrinos will go through you during this event?
If all Fermi competitors chewed gum during their block, how much energy, in Btu (British thermal units), would be collectively spent doing so?
During the course of this event, how much less will a dollar be worth due to inflation (in dollars)? Assume a linear decrease in value.
How many times will your heart beat during the course of this event?
Assuming the US average, how many seconds will all competitors collectively spend on their phones today?
Assuming 1 byte is needed per character to store this test digitally, how many bits are needed for the whole test? Assume only text counts towards this, aka the XKCD in front counts as 0 bits.
How many dead skin cells will have been shed by Fermi competitors in this room today (gross)?
How many births worldwide will there have been during this event?
How many trees (or fractions of trees) have been cut down to produce all the paper needed for tests in this event?
Assume the Earth is made entirely of water. How many seconds would it take for the Sun to increase the Earth’s temperature by 1oC? Assume 100% of the input energy is used to heat up the Earth (no loss in energy to reflection, atmospheric effects, etc).
How many iPhone X’s could we power with this amount of energy?
Compared to all humans who have ever existed, what fraction of them are competing in today’s tournament?
If we wanted to power all MIT buildings using just AAA batteries today, how many would we need?
We want to be really energetic for our tests, so to get maximum value we decide to eat uranium instead of food for energy. How much more energy-dense is uranium than carbohydrates per kilogram (fission of uranium vs. combustion of carbohydrates)?
Assuming an average distance of 1 foot between your center of mass and this test, what is the gravitational force between you in Newtons?
During the course of this event, how much money will Google have made?
Suppose you eat pizza today for lunch. If you put the equivalent of one Jalapeño pepper’s worth of red pepper on your pizza, how many pizzas would you need to consume to eat one Carolina Reaper’s worth of Scoville units? Assume Scoville units are additive.
During the course of this event, how much energy could one typical solar panel produce in Joules? Assume these are photovoltaic, 65” x 39”, and are the ones typically used for powering homes.
During the course of this event, how many neural spikes will you have had, assuming high brain activity?
Suppose we can fit at most 72 teams at MIT due to its surface area. How many teams could the Pacific Ocean fit, surface-area wise?
How many dollar bills would it take to fill the Great Dome of MIT? Assume the walls are thin and the inside completely hollow, and that the dome is a perfect hemisphere. Ignore any packing effects.
How far will the Jakobshavn Isbrae, the fastest glacier in the world, travel during the course of this event in millimeters?
Assume each competitor spends 1 hour today scrolling through Facebook on their phone. Assuming about 1 post per screen size, a 5” screen (vertically), and about 5 seconds per post, how many miles of Facebook will competitors collectively scroll through?
If all competitors put a three minute song on Spotify and play it continuously 24 hrs today, how much money would we make in dollars?
What percent of the annual US cotton production goes into making MIT Science Olympiad shirts? Assume we make one for each competitor, and that shirts are 100% cotton.
Time for some major 2017 events. The neutron star collision detected by LIGO produced about 200 Earth masses of gold. Assuming 1 kg of gold is worth $1200, how many times greater value did this produce than the current US national debt?
The US was hit by three major hurricanes in 2017 - Harvey, Irma, and Maria. In dollars, what is the estimated total damage from these hurricanes?
President Donald Trump’s inauguration was exactly a year ago today - how many people actually showed up?
On September 3, North Korea tested their largest nuclear weapon yet. Assuming the highest energy estimate, how many Joules of energy did this explosion release?
One of the biggest controversies of 2017 was the active involvement of Russia in sabotaging the U.S. election. How much more money (aka a factor) was spent by Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on Facebook advertisements compared to Russian troll farms?
The Cassini probe entered Saturn’s orbit on July 4, 2004, and remained there until the mission end on September 15, How many seconds was it in Saturn’s orbit?
The Keystone pipeline released 210,000 gallons of oil into South Dakota - how much energy was wasted, in Joules?
The “Great American Eclipse” occurred on August 21, 2017 and the next such total eclipse across North America will occur on April 8, How many U.S. quarters will we need to stack to match the distance the Earth travels in its orbit during this time?
The Paradise Papers have revealed that many companies actively attempt to avoid paying US taxes. How much money does the US government lose to tax cheats a year, in dollars?
The Wanna Cry exploit was the biggest ransomware attack in history, affecting as many as 150 countries, and was based on a Windows exploit. Assuming there is a possible exploit per 100 lines of code in Windows, how many exploits are possible?
On a much lighter note, Pokemon released its 27th and 28th games in its core series, Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon. Not including these two, how many total copies of the core games have been sold so far?
Now that you’ve finished taking it, on a scale of 5-49, how difficult did you think this test was?
It’s winter time and the MIT Invitational is today! You wake up (hopefully) and get your clothes out of your suitcase to change. How many Earths can fit inside the volume of a typical carry-on-sized suitcase?
It’s really really cold so you put on your leather jacket. How many cow’s hide were used for that one jacket?
Unfortunately, now you have a cold too. You sneeze really hard! What’s the ratio of the maximum distance that a sneeze can travel to the distance from Austin, TX to Anchorage, AK?
You head down to eat breakfast that the hotel provided for you, buttering up a nice few pieces of toast. How many calories are in a cubic light year of butter?
One of your teammates forgot to print their note sheets last night. Oh no! They’re trying to figure out the hotel’s printer right now. How many HP 564 Original ink cartridges would you need to print 1 billion pages of yellow text?
You finish breakfast and board your school’s vans to campus. How much gasoline is used in the entire United States in one day in gallons?
You go to the room for the Fermi Questions event and the supervisor says you may begin. The first question on the test reads “How many picoyears of the sun’s energy would it take to emit as much energy as a passive (not active or moving) lion does in 5 seconds?” How many petayears of the sun’s energy would it take to emit as much energy as a passive (not active or moving) lion does in 5 seconds, assuming a lion is a perfect blackbody?
You’re halfway through the test and you think “This test is so dumb. Where are the questions that are like ‘What’s 7 raised to the 34th power?’” What’s 7−34?
You finish the test and feel decently confident, probably not a top 4 finish, but somewhere above average, maybe even placing 5th or 6th! What place are you getting today, assuming you place how you feel you will?
Because you are a competitor of culture, you only compete in Inquiry & Nature of Science events. Let X be the set of letters contained in the combined names of all 2018 Inquiry & Nature of Science events. How many English words only contain letters in X?
You’re now finished with your events, so you decide to explore MIT a bit. Somehow, you get a bit lost and stumble across MIT Men’s Volleyball practice. What is the ratio of the spiking speed of an Olympic Volleyball player to the orbital speed of our solar system around the galactic center?
MIT staff screams at you and kicks you out because you’re not allowed in there. How many times more powerful is a person’s scream than a bat’s echolocation?
You use Google’s “Google Maps” application to find your way back to the homeroom. If Google decided to hire all current undergraduate MIT students for full-time positions (and they all accepted), what percent would their number of employees increase?
You’re finally on the way back to the hotel to chill for a bit before the awards ceremony and dinner. Assuming all competitors and coaches are staying in hotel rooms, what percent of US hotel rooms are MIT Invitational competitors and coaches occupying?
You and your roommates turn on the TV to find that “Spongebob Squarepants” is on. In February of 2002, what was the viewership of “Spongebob Squarepants”?
Although a great show, you decide to spend your time on Reddit. If Reddit’s monthly population (the number of unique visitors to Reddit each month) all stood side-by-side, tightly packed, how many Asia’s would be needed to fit all of them?
Because Reddit only contains content of the highest quality, you come across the script for the Bee Movie. How many characters are in the Bee Movie script?
You go back to campus and its time for the award ceremony! You see Kresge Auditorium and, amazed at the engineering, you are reminded of MIT’s mascot, the beaver. How many aspen trees could a beaver gnaw down in the gestation period of a beaver, assuming it never stops and always works at peak performance?
You remember last year’s award ceremony and how Admissions Officer Chris Peterson stalled for quite some time for Game On to be finished grading. You really hope that doesn’t happen again. In the amount of time the entire 2017 MIT Invitational award ceremony took (from introduction by the co-directors to passing out team packets, this includes the keynote speech), how many times could you have flown nonstop from Honolulu, HI to Beijing, China?
Unfortunately, the awards ceremony has been going on, you haven’t placed and your last event, Write It Do It, is coming up. You really want that medal and at this point you’d even pay for it. How much Ethereum would it cost to purchase a 2016 Rio Summer Olympics gold medal?
You’re upset because you and your school didn’t place as well as you expected and you start to bawl. Every day, you cry as many times as the average adult male cries in a month. Every time you cry, you drink a liter of Diet Coke. In the time span of a month, how many grams of caffeine would you have consumed from this Diet Coke?
You feel like you’ve just been rejected by MIT Suppose you had as many mitochondria of the largest size possible as the number of first-year applicants rejected by MIT Admissions for the Class of If you lined all these mitochondria up, how many times could they fit around the moon?
You’re kinda mad and the only one to blame is 1st place. Somehow this Troy school won without even being at the competition??? Who are they anyways??? If barbell weight sets equal to the number of Google search results when you search “Troy High School” are packed into a sphere the size of Earth, how dense would this sphere be in grams per cubic centimeter?
Whatever. It’s time to go out to dinner. Y’all decide to go out to hot pot at the Happy Lamb. If the amount of sheep killed for food in Australia each year were used for wool instead, how many pounds of wool could you get that year (assuming each sheep does produce wool and it produces the most wool it possibly can)?
You’re having a great time at hot pot because it’s, ya know, hot pot. There’s also a few vegetarians on the team who have fun pointing out things like “beef tongue” and such. Unfortunately, there’s only so much variety for them. Napa cabbage prefer a certain soil pH in order to obtain sufficient calcium, magnesium, and other nutrients. How much more concentrated are hydrogen ions in this perfect soil than in a 1 M solution of acetic acid?
For some reason the restaurant can’t split the bill between you and your 14 teammates, so you’re going to pay it all yourself first. You’re not even surprised when you see the bill because wow this stuff is pretty expensive. With the amount of money spent by all of China on eating out in 2016, how many Yu-Gi-Oh trading cards can you buy, assuming you only buy booster packs?
Your team is going out to eat ice cream after this too. Yay! How many more ice cream flavors does Baskin Robbins have than Blue Bell?
Unfortunately, one of your other teammates is lactose-intolerant. How many grams of lactose are in 1 gallon of unprocessed cow’s milk?
To end the night, you and many of your teammates decide to pirate some movies to watch. With the estimated amount of money the film industry has lost to piracy, how many Echo Dots could you have bought on Black Friday 2018?
For some reason, y’all first decide to pirate “Moana” which happens to be on Netflix too, so y’all didn’t even have to pirate it! How many seconds would it take to play all the movies owned by Disney that were released in 2016 back to back?
You end up staying up pretty late and your flight home is decently early. You end up getting 32 hours of sleep. How many times can you fit the record amount of time gone without blinking in the record amount of time someone has lasted without sleep?
So you wake up extremely early only to find that your flight home has been delayed by a massive amount due to some random big thunderstorm. How many thunderstorms occur on Earth every week?
You hate waiting. This long wait reminds you of the time you went to the 2010 World Expo in Shanghai, China. Based solely on admissions percentage (assuming no acceptance limit), how many of the people attending the 2010 Shanghai World Expo on its peak day would be accepted into the 2019 MIT Research Science Institute (RSI) if they all applied?
After a while you finally get on the plane and are given some complimentary peanuts to make up for the incredible delay. How many peanut butter sandwiches could you make with all the peanuts growing on an average peanut farm?
You’re thankful for the excellent service your flight attendants are giving you and you realize how privileged you are. You also feel kinda sad that these people aren’t even making that good money yet they are serving you. How many MIT students could you pay one-year tuition (not including room and board) for if you worked for 100 years, with a 40 hour work-week, at minimum wage (not along the US-Mexico border) in Mexico, assuming they have no scholarships or financial aid?
Motivated by this, you go home and back to school in a few days with thoughts of changing the world. You want to start a Habitat for Humanity club at your school. How many communities in the US does Habitat for Humanity operate in?
Turns out your school already has a Habitat for Humanity club, wow! So you decide to join and over time you go volunteer a lot and help out the community in many ways – building houses, connecting water supplies, etc. How many seconds could you continuously shower if you had all the rain that fell over the US during Hurricane Harvey?
This in turn leads you to a new passion for the engineering events in Science Olympiad. You decide to try and pick up the “Boomilever” event. How much load can a boomilever with a mass of a TI-84 graphing calculator and the efficiency of the 2014 Division C national champion boomilever hold in ounces, assuming the national champion boomilever did in fact break?
With some advice from one of the main builders on your team, your first boomilever scores pretty well in efficiency. If your boomilever efficiency was 1140, how many high school seniors taking the SAT in 2017 with intended engineering majors scored higher than that?
So excited, you even decide to stop doing Inquiry & Nature of Science events to pursue your true passion in engineering. Eventually, you decide to major in engineering in college. In your introductory engineering class, they emphasize the importance of being able to give good estimates of reasonable values. Here is the first test question they ask you: How many golf balls can fit in this room?
If you’re taking this test as part SciOly, you should know that you’re part of one of the greatest communities in high school. This section will try to serve as a testament to this fact. How many secondary school students compete in Science Olympiad across the US?
If you haven’t checked it out already, the SciOly.org forum is a pretty cool place to go and meet people. How many total posts are there on the SciOly.org forum?
One of the most exciting prospects of competing is being able to go to Nationals. How many total miles were travelled by Div C teams to the 2015 National Tournament in Lincoln, NE?
But even after you graduate, the Science Olympiad community will follow you around, to college and beyond. How many alumni of SciOly are there?
You may even one day be part of running a competition yourself! How much Google Drive space has MIT Science Olympiad used over the years since its inception in zettabytes?
Your friend, YuQing, ixs a particle physics boi who works at the Large Hadron Collider. How many times do accelerating particles travel around the circumference of the LHC every fortnight?
Often at the LHC, employees will engage in the simple pleasure of watching YouTube during break time. How many views does the first video on YouTube have?
After engaging in the stimulating thinking experiments about particle physics, let’s instead talk about Large Happy Cows. What is the Big Mac Index of four-years of MIT tuition?
Contrary to popular opinion, you only like to eat spicy things, so you decide to try a spicy Big Mac. How spicy, in Scoville units, is the spiciest Big Mac in the world?
Now that you’ve eaten such a powerful Big Mac, you are feeling a bit queasy. How many molecules of methane are released into the atmosphere each year due to cow manure?
Man, climate change sucks! New studies have shown that the Arctic may be ice-free by 2035, fifteen years earlier than the previous estimate of Calculate how much the global sea level would rise in centimeters should all the ice in the Arctic melt.
Speaking of the oceans, did you know that there are actually a ton of viruses just chilling on the surface of seawater? (well I guess they aren’t chilling because of climate change and increasing ocean temperatures... but whatever!). How many viruses would you expect to find within a cubic meter of surface seawater?
You already knew this one was coming. How many total coronavirus vaccines have been given to people around the world since the start of the pandemic?
Onto quarantine activities! My friend Kristina really likes to read: how many books have been bought since the start of the pandemic in 2020?
Another popular quarantine activity was baking. My friend Tian really likes to bake banana bread: how many grains (unit) of bananas were produced in the Philippines in 2020?
Yet another popular quarantine activity was breathing. My friend Allen Ding really loves to breathe: how many nitrogen atoms does a human inhale in the average breath?
In The Lorax, Aloysius O’Hare tries to sell bottled air to the public, making us very glad that plants are here to bring us free oxygen. How many trees are there in the world?
Reminiscing about your childhood, now you want to watch a movie. Turns out, a lot of Americans share the same sentiment. How much is the American film industry worth as of 2020 in Indonesian rupiahs?
Apparently a significant part of my ”childhood” consisted of studying for Fermi exams on Quizlet... how many Quizlet sets have been made in the history of the site?
In a fitting end to a miscellaneous trivia section, you’ve probably heard that the canonical Fermi Question is ”how many piano tuners are there in Chicago,” but I’m curious: how many piano tuners are there in the entire world?
The year is 2025, and you are preparing to become a new MIT tour guide. However, nerdy students often ask many difficult questions about MIT, so as part of your training, you must learn to handle whatever may be thrown at you. How many iPhone 12 Pro Max’s could fit inside the Great Dome of MIT?
History is a very important part of a school’s legacy! A curious student, Anne-Marie Xu, is very interested in her networking prospects should she come to MIT, and asks you how many alumni does MIT have?
Anne-Marie is satisfied with your answer. She wonders just how successful these alumni are. What is the combined GDP of all businesses started by MIT graduates (2013)? (Hint: it is comparable to the 10th largest GDP country in the world).
Enough about money! After all, an MIT education should not be sought after for the money – there’s a lot of cool science going on too! How many researchers, including post-doctoral students, worked with MIT during Fall 2020?
Recently in attempts to advance towards a sustainable fusion reactor, MIT Plasma Science and Fusion Center (PSFC) developed a 20 T superconducting magnet with the goal of maintaining a magnetic field strong enough to contain plasma the temperature of the Sun[1] . In comparison to the Earth’s magnetic field, how many times stronger is this new superconducting magnet?
Another curious high schooler, Beter Barker, who just happened to be bitten by a radioactive spider, is interested in how fast he can swing across campus. Given that his swing is purely dependent on acceleration due to gravity, how many femtoseconds would it take Beter Barker to swing across the Infinite Corridor? Assume that velocity remains constant and at its maximal value and that Beter is 5’7 and begins his swings at shoulder height.
Beter is also interested in joining science-related clubs at MIT. Marveling at the prospect of joining MIT SciOly, he innocently asks What is the cumulative total score of all teams that have ever competed at MIT Science Olympiad Invitational tournaments (including no-shows)?
One of the greatest worries in the daily life of an MIT student is to be hit by a car while crossing Mass Ave on the way to class. We are here to see just how much of a concern this really is! Given that each person living in Boston has an equal chance of getting in a car accident and struck by lightning in the next year, how many times more likely are you to be struck by lightning in your lifetime than to die as a pedestrian being hit by a car in your four years at MIT?
On November 8th, 2021, MIT students around campus awoke to a special surprise: to com- memorate a hack from seventy years ago, seventy poles around MIT were turned into barbershop poles using red, white, and blue ribbon. If all such poles were as tall as those seen in Lobby 7, how many square feet of ribbon would this have taken?
A popular destination among students of MIT is the campus’s famed Banana Lounge, where boxes upon boxes of bananas are made available for free to all students 24/ How many bananas were purchased for the banana lounge during the Fall 2018 semester?
You have been selected to try out for an estimation game show, GalaxyBrain. This show will consist of three rounds, each with one question, with the first round offering you a hefty prize of $250,000 and each round thereafter being double-or-nothing. However, the host of GalaxyBrain, a prominent individual named Haphne Dao, has sent you a challenging mathematics question to be completed as a pre-requisite. The question reads: how many primes are there that are less than 6^350?
Sometimes life is unfair... despite you solving the question correctly, Haphne Dao insists that you can only participate on the show if you flip an unfair coin that comes up heads 3/7 of the time fifty times and get exactly 25 heads. What is the probability of this happening?
You get lucky and land exactly 25 heads! You’ve made it onto the show. For the first question, Haphne asks you to estimate the 127th Fibonacci number.
With some money secured through that first round, you move on to the second round, which features a diagram of a 5x5 square. How many ways are there to place the numbers 1-25 into this square such that every row and column is increasing?
(Tiebreaker) You’ve moved on to the final round with a chance to win a million dollars. How- ever, if you get it wrong, you will lose all of your earnings up to now... what will you do? Compute 49^2^10^−2 .
While writing this exam, I am currently listening to some nice lofi hip hop radio - beats to relax/study to. Lo-Fi Girl on YouTube seems to be expending a lot of energy since her desk lamp is on 24/.. How many jiffies (unit) will a standard 1600-lumen lightbulb stay on for after capturing the energy released in one minute by the Sun that hits a square-meter of Earth at noon at the equator at summer equinox?
I will fight you on this, but Christopher Nolan films are absolutely fire. In Interstellar, scientists observe a disturbance in space-time within the orbit of Saturn and decide to send a crew to explore it, to which they found a completely new star system. Although we are not close to sending people out that far, we have at least made some progress! How many meters away from Earth is the Voyager II spacecraft?
In Up, Carl uses a bunch of balloons to lift his house up off of the ground. I often wonder how feasible this is, because my dorm is inconveniently far away from main campus. How many helium- filled balloons would it take to lift the weight of an average house off of the ground?
You’re doing great so far on this exam! What a star! Assuming that humans are perfect blackbodies, what is our peak wavelength of emission in nanometers?
I’m getting pretty tired writing this test though, and it really feels like my bed is calling me. What is the gravitational attraction between me and my bed while I am sitting at my desk?
Sometimes when I sleep, I’m really good at sleeping through my alarms. Assuming that my alarm is a 50W speaker and that I sleep five meters away from it, what is the amount of energy in kJ that my eardrum absorbs per minute if the surface area of my ear is 80 mm2?
If you can’t already tell from this exam, I’m really good at spacing out. That’s my crappy transition into writing a question about space. How many kJ of energy has been produced in all of the supernovas that have thus far been recorded?
A very cool remnant of a supernova that occurred near us is Sagittarius A*. Assuming perfect efficiency, how much energy would be produced from the entirety of the mass contained in Sag A*?
Approximately this amount of energy will be released through Hawking Radiation across a very, very long time. How many years will it take for Sag A* to completely evaporate?
Now that’s a lot of energy! In America, we also use a lot of energy. How many pounds (lbs) of wood need to be burned per year in order to sustain the yearly energy consumption of America?
What are you and your partner's combined heights, in mm?
How many letters are in you and your partner's first and last name combined?
What is your team number [Go with the highest MIT team number]?
How old are you, in minutes?
What year was your mother born in?
How many hairs are on your head? (For this question we're gonna assume you’re not bald)
How many red blood cells are contained within your body?
How many atoms are contained in your body?
What is the surface area of your skin, in km2?
How many digits do you have on your hand and feet?
What is your SSN, excluding dashes? [Go with the highest US SSN]
How many cases of fraud and identity theft are there per year in the United States, as reported by the US Federal Trade Commission?
Rae wants to gain access to your bank, but she forgot to ask which Commercial bank system that you utilize. If you utilize a FDIC-insured commercial bank and she hacks into a random FDIC-insured commercial bank, what is the probability that she hits a bank that includes your account?
Rae also attempts to redirect your income into her account using your SSN. Assuming you make the median income, how many cents can Rae expect to be deposited into her account per year before taxes (because obviously a scammer would evade taxes)?
Andru and Rae buy a ton (unit) of average store brought pineapples. How many pineapples did they buy?
Pine... Apples... How many times more would a 50 foot tall pine tree weigh compared to an apple?
It's pretty dang hard to get caught for tax evasion. By IRS estimates, what percentage of people that evade taxes in some form get caught and convicted for doing so?
How many individuals are incarcerated in prison at any given point in the US?
What is the annual cost in USD of incarcerating one person for one year in NYC?
For the crimes committed (fraud and tax evasion), how long could Rae and Andru be sentenced for, in decades? (assume sentences would be concurrent, and they are sentenced to the upper limit of federal guidelines).
How much would a cubic meter of dirt weigh, in milligrams?
Let's see how realistic it would be to break out. How many prisoners break out of State or Federal prisons each year?
How many gallons of air are breathed in with one breath at rest?
Ah yes, the duo finally touched grass for the first time in months... How many grass blades are in contact with one foot stepping on grass?
Andru and Rae decide to leave and go make a new life for themselves. They decide on going to Paris, France. How far in gigameters would they need to travel from NYC to reach their final destination?
How many ways are there to make change for a dollar (Quarters, dimes, nickels, pennies)?
4329
Given: log(e) = .4342944. Calculate 10,000!
What is the 250th fibonacci number divided by the 50th fibonacci number?
10^(10^(10^(10^-100)))
How many cans of SpaghettiOs does it take to have enough letters to rewrite the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy?
If I can read a book a day, how many picoseconds would it take for me to read every book that has ever been published?
How many languages are currently spoken in the world?
If you guess the same valid Wordle word every single day (assuming all valid words occur in equal frequency and can repeat), how many centuries would it take until you have a >50% chance of getting a Wordle in one?
How many letters are utilized by this very quirky sentence? History! Or uh kinda history related...
How long, in light-feet, has the earth existed for?
How large is the surface area of the United States in Barns (unit, not building)?
In the duration of the Black Plague pandemic, how many humans died per year globally?
The cubit is the first known unit of length used by ancient humans, while the Planck units were very recent, first originating in How many Planck lengths long is one typical cubit?
How many years ago did Homo sapiens originate? And obviously the most important subject: Science!
(Biology) How many molecules of ATP are used by an average adult over the period of a fortnight?
(Chemistry): How many possible isomers are there of the molecule Tetracontane (molecular formula: C40H82)?
(Physics): If earth is replaced by an equivalent mass of swiss cheese, what is the new acceleration due to gravity (g)?
(Astronomy/Chemistry): If all of the energy from a type Ia supernova was pumped into the ice in Antarctica, what would be the final temperature of the ice in Kelvin?
(Environmental Science): How many milligrams of nitrogen are biologically fixed every year?
Pick a integer between 1- The answer to this question will be the product of all valid responses for this question from all teams.
Pick another integer between 1- The answer to this question will be the sum of all valid responses for this question from all teams.
Pick any non-negative integer. The answer to this question will be the median of all valid responses for this question from all teams.
 Between the last three questions, how many total teams received full points on at least one of the questions?
DISCARDD DISCARD
Let's start with some unit conversions. Not too bad right? An Henry (units) is a measurement of electrical inductance with SI units of (kg)(m)^2(s)^-2(A)^- Convert one Henry to units of (solar masses)(astronomical units)^2(years)^-2(nanoamperes)^-2
At the time of writing this question, it's almost Christmas, which means gift wrapping! If I take a point and continue to wrap layers of .1 mm thick wrapping paper around, how many layers would be needed for the layered wrapping papers to collapse into a black hole? Presume perfect wrapping and that any resulting sphere has the density of wrapping paper.
What is primorial(30)? A primorial is when for the nth prime number, the primorial is defined as the product of the first n primes.
Peter Piper picked a peta-pound of palatable pineapples. If Peter Piper places a pair of pennies per pico-pineapple picked perfectly planar what percent of Peru (by surface area) can Peter Piper pack?
Humans beings give off heat emitted as infrared radiation with a wavelength of around 1 mm. How many centuries would it take for all current humans (assume they are at rest) in the world to emit as many photons as there are atoms on earth?
How fast does a point one femto-chain away expand in giga-fathom per nanocentury due to the expansion of the universe?
The probability of winning the Powerball lotto is 1/292,201,338 per play. How many dollars would you have to spend to buy enough tickets so that you are more likely to have won the powerball 10 times in a row than to not have won 10 times in a row?
Bitcoin mining can get quite energy intensive. In his quest to mine bitcoins, Aidan has come up with a brilliant idea: he develops the Potential Energy Collecting Setup (PECS) that can collect gravitational potential energy of a falling object and transform 100% of that energy into mining bitcoins. If Aidan places PECS in his room and jumps up and down, where PECS collects Aidan's gravitational potential energy at each peak of his jump, how many times must Aidan jump to mine one Bitcoin?
You have a spherical mass of gold of the maximum size such that Aidan from the previous problem can jump into orbit (achieve escape velocity). If Aidan were to melt down this mass of gold and sell it, how much money in USD could Aidan theoretically make?
They say to shoot for the moon and if you miss you'll land among the stars. If you randomly shoot a ray in any direction, how many times more likely are you to hit the moon as compared to hitting any star visible by the naked eye?
How many hydrogen atoms can fit inside of a gallon bottle?
In miles, how many NERDS ropes would it take to wrap around Mars?
How tall is the tallest building in the world measured in smoots?
How many Tic Tacs can fit inside Lake Erie?
How many people standing shoulder to shoulder can stand on a football field at once?
31!
123456789 * 987654321?
How many cards would it take to equal the length of the Great Wall of China?
How many needles are on an acre's worth of Christmas trees on a Christmas tree farm?
How many mini Milky Way chocolate bars does it take to cross the Milky Way?
How many anteater tongues would it take to make up the border of Staten Island?
What is the ratio of the speed of light to the speed of Usain Bolt?
How many Drake’s would it take to fill the Nile River?
How many seconds will it take Micheal Phelps to cross the English Channel?
How many galaxies are in the Milky Way?
How many steps would it take to walk the Autobahn in Germany?
How many hours did it take to write this test?
How many students are enrolled in the North Pocono School District?
How many milliseconds are in a year?
29^6
How many hours would it take to travel one hour in a school zone on a manual scooter?
How high can you jump on a pogo stick in grains of rice?
How many nanoseconds long is the song “Hey There Delilah”?
The amount of medals that are given out today will equate to how many micrograms?
How many grams of protein are in a food palette full of one dozen egg cartons?
How many students got accepted into college and university in America in 2022?
How many hours would it take to walk across Pennsylvania (north to south)?
How many atoms of oxygen are sealed in a typical bag of Lay’s potato chips?
How long would it take you, in seconds, to recite the entire The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part script if you are reading at the pace of a first grade student?
How many videos are posted on YouTube in the time it took to make this test?
How about YouTube videos are posted in a day?
How many YouTube videos are on the site as a whole?
How many seconds long is the entire Shrek saga?
20 * log10
How many pounds of trash is Mr. Beast responsible for removing from the ocean?
How about the number of trees Mr. Beast and his organization planted?
How many children were born in America in December of 2019?
How many houses per hour does Santa need to visit to complete his mission?
How many strips of bacon would be needed to feed everyone one strip in Chad?
How many seconds are in a century?
42 * log24
How many inches can a fresh ballpoint pen write?
How many people work from home in America?
How many beats will a heart make in a lifetime?
How many red blood cells circulate the human body every minute?
How many grains of sand are in a child’s sandbox?
How many nanograms of caffeine are in a grande latte from the Dunkin’ up the road?
How tall does the average human grow, in centimeters, per day?
How many Ethans are in America?
How many times does the word “the” appear in the Lord of the Rings trilogy?
What is 115 to the power of 48?
What is the distance between Cleveland and Columbus in lightyears?
How long would it take, in minutes, for a person to watch every YouTube video?
How many poker chips would you need to make a stack that could reach the moon from Earth?
How many seconds elapse from one full moon to the next?
How many golf balls could fit in a Boeing 747?
How many pounds of milk are produced in the US within a year?
If you poured at a rate of one drop of water per second, how long would it take you in hours to fill an Olympic-sized swimming pool?
During the time interval of this test, how many cm has light traveled in a vacuum?
Within a year, how many gallons does the average human heart pump?
How many atoms are within all the humans in this very room?
What is the diameter of the nucleus of a human cell in km?
How many watt-hours does a typical household refrigerator use per year?
How many standard milk cartons would it take to fill up Lake Erie?
How many different combinations are there for a standard 3x3x3 Rubik’s cube?
How long would it take, in hours, for the fastest person on Earth to run nonstop from here to San Francisco?
If you were going the speed of sound, how long would it take you to reach the bottom of the Mariana Trench in hours?
How many fish live in all the oceans combined?
Within a year, how many cups of coffee do Americans consume?
What is the amount of iron atoms found in one gram of iron?
What is the difference between the combined net worth of the 10 richest people in the world and the next 10 richest people in the world in US dollars?
How many red blood cells are found in the entire student body of The Ohio State University?
How many McDonald’s Happy Meals are sold in the US within a year?
How many pennies would you need to cover the surface area of the Sun?
Of the students attending Ohio State, how many are left-handed?
Within the past week, how far has the Earth traveled in miles?
Using a standard 52-card deck, how many combinations of a 5-card hand can be drawn?
Going the speed of the fastest roller coaster in the world (Formula Rossa), how long would it take in hours to travel from the Sun to Pluto?
If the entire ocean froze over, what is the total increase in volume in cubic meters?
How many hours, working a minimum wage job in Ohio, would it take to earn the same amount of money as the box office total for Avatar: The Way of Water?
What is the diameter of the Andromeda Galaxy in parsecs?
On average, how many gallons of gasoline are used in the US per day?
How many standard bathtubs of water would it take to fill up the Grand Canyon?
If you were to lay out all the arteries, capillaries, and veins of an average adult human, how many humans would you need to wrap around the circumference of the Sun?
How many searches does Google, on average, process every second?
How many seconds would it take for light to travel from the base to the top of the tallest building in the world?
How many planet Earths could fit inside the planet Jupiter?
What is the volume of a human skin cell in cubic meters?
How many miles of toilet paper are used in the US per year?
How many copies of this test would be needed to cover the entire OSU campus?
3
2^42
20!
Product of all primes under 50
e^50
23 * 2361 * 6932 * 1025 * 260192 * 79623
40th Fibonacci number (where the first two are 1, 1)
Watts in one horsepower
The speed of sound in glass, in m/s
Distance between Boston and Miami by car, in km
Median number of words in a book
Number of paper clips needed to span the distance between the Earth and the Sun
The ratio of the speed of a plane to that of a snail
The ratio of the weight of a penny on the Earth to its weight on the Sun
Number of worker ants it takes to equal the weight of an average adult male Asian elephant
Number of electrons used to charge an iPhone for a minute
Tons of plastic are produced globally every year
Number of daily active Snapchat users
Gallons of water in the ocean
Annual revenue of global fashion industry, in dollars
Number of atoms in the average adult Asian elephant
Breaths taken by the average human in a lifetime
Tons of carbon (in any form) on Earth
Proportion of atoms in Earth’s crust that are gold
Total height of all humans in the world, in rods
Deepest point in the ocean, in light years
Total iron ore produced in the world annually, in tons
Distance of Voyager 1 spacecraft from Earth, in km
Deepest hole dug by humans, in km
Average lifespan of a US dollar bill, in days
Total number of books in the world
Number of full-time employees of Google
Average ticket price at Super Bowl 2022, in dollars
Total prize money pool for FIFA World Cup, in dollars
Total number of elementary school teachers in America
Mass of the atmosphere, in grams
Number of deaths by drowning in the world per year
Maximum takeoff weight of Boeing 747, in pounds
Number of $20 bills in circulation
Total number of emails sent per day
Total number of colleges in the US
Number of views per day for music video of “Despacito”
Number of followers of BTS on Twitter
Total number of iPhones sold worldwide
Number of words in the Constitution (including amendments)
Number of Christmas trees sold annually in the US
Number of trees in the Amazon rainforest
Number of people named Matthew in the US
Number of base pairs in the human genome
Average number of flights per day
What was Princeton’s acceptance rate for the class of 2021? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many undergraduates are currently attending Princeton? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How large is Princeton’s endownment? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the net worth of Princeton’s richest alumni? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the population of the world? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the population of Tanzania? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the population of American Samoa? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many cities have a population of over 1 million people? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many motor vehicle fatalities have there been in the United States in 2017? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many motor vehicle fatalities have there been in the United States in total? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many passengers have there been on domestic flights in the United States in 2017? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How much does a Boeing 787 cost? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How much does the most expensive aircraft carrier cost? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What was the United States’s GDP in 2017? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What was the United States’s GDP per capita in 1900? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What was North Korea’s GDP in 2017? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the market cap of Alphabet? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What was the 2017 income of Alphabet? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many bankruptcies were filed in the United States since the crash of 2008? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How long is the longest bridge? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many restaurants have earned a Michelin star? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many wild-caught Atlantic salmon were there in 2017? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many apples were grown in the United States in 2017? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How much is the Mona Lisa worth? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How much is the most expensive cut diamond worth? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What was the video game industry revenue, in 2017? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How large (area) is Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild’s map? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many hours, in total, have people spent playing DotA 2? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How much did the anime film Kimi no Na wa make in its opening weekend in the United States? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many words are in the longest novel (according to Guinness World Records), A la recherche du temps perdu ` ? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many Google searches were there in 2017? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many likes have there been on Facebook? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many likes does the most-viewed Youtube video in 2009, The Evolution of Dance, currently have? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many flops (floating-point operations per second) can the fastest supercomputer achieve? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many chemical substances, indexed in the CAS (Chemical Abstracts Service) registry, are known? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD] [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the mass of an electron? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How fast does an electron in a single Hydrogen atom move? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the mass of the Sun? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the density at the center of the Sun? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the temperature at the center of the Sun? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the mass of the supermassive black hole at the center of the Milky Way? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How much saliva (mass) does a human produce over a lifetime? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many bacteria are in the average human? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many endangered species are there? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many bald eagles are there? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the half-life of Carbon-14? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is 42!? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD] 51 5 3 1
What is C(69, 42)? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is 1001001^1001^1? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the probability of getting a royal flush in a standard 5-card poker hand? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How many grains of sand are there on Earth? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
Over the past 100 years, the sea level in New York has risen approximately 1 foot, while the land underneath has remained level. Assuming this is an accurate indicator of ice melt and that the rate of ice melt is constant, how long will it take for all the ice on Earth to melt? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is cubeRoot(2017 ^ 2017)? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
How much time have people spent watching Youtube videos? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD] Note that this includes videos embedded on other sies.
How much money was traded in the FX (currency exchange) market in 2017? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is the mass of all the neutrons in the DNA of a single human cell (you may assume the cell is in G0)? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
2017 integers from the set {1, 2, ..2017} are picked at random, with replacement. What is the probability that their product is not divisible by 6? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD] Note that log2(3) ≈ 1:
A typical neutron star has mass approximately 4 times that of the Sun and surface area approximately the area of London. Due to neutron degeneracy pressure, the density of a neutron star is approximately the density of an atomic nucleus. What is the diameter of an Uranium atomic nucleus? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
A sverdrup is a unit of volumetric flow (m^3/s) roughly equivalent to the total rate of water flowing from rivers into oceans. The Antarctic Circumpolar current flows from Eastward (in the same direction as the Earth’s rotation), carrying water a rate of 150 sverdrups. If the current were to spontaneously stop, by how long would the length of day be shortened? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
The Ackermann function is defined by • A(0; n) = n + 1 • A(m; 0) = A(m − 1; 1) • A(m; n) = A(m − 1; A(m; n − 1)) Some values include: A(2; 3) = 9 and A(4; 1) = What is A(4; 2)? [Use SI Units / 2017 USD]
What is Princeton’s endowment [$]??
How many trees are in Princeton University [#]?
How much current is generated by PPPL’s NSTX tokamak fusion reactor [A]?
How much energy is produced from the fusion of (a single) deuterium and (a single) tritium [J]?
What is the annual funding provided by the United States for the ITER fusion project [$]?
What is the rate at which energy is consumed worldwide [W]?
How many passengers have flown through Narita Airport [#]?
What is the number of aircraft (commercial and military) in the world [#]?
Hwo many pet rabbits are there in the United States [#]?
What is the total United States peach production over the past decade [kg]?
What is the land area of the United States [m2]?
How much time would it take to walk from New York to Los Angeles, according to Google Maps [s]?
What is the vertical elevation change (up and down) on the route, according to Google Maps [m]?
How much freight is shipped annually via train in the United States [kg·m]?
How many apps are in the Apple app store [#]?
What is the annual roaming revenue generated in the United States [$]?
What is the annual government funding for the NSF [$]?
What is the probability that a random March Madness bracket will be correct?
How many different rankings of 64 teams are there [#]?
How many distinct partitions of 64 indistinguishable teams are there [#]?
How many registered buses are there in the United States [#]?
How many snowflakes will fall on Princeton’s campus in the hypothetical snowstorm (as described in the story text) [#]?
How many books are in Princeton’s library system [#]?
How much money is spent on digital advertising in the United States annually [$]?
How many photos are taken in the world every minute [#]?
What is the mass of the Milky Way [kg]?
How many Oxygen atoms are in the Sun [#]?
How much energy is released in a type Ia supernova [J]?
How many bacteria are there in the world [#]?
How many people were infected with tuberculosis worldwide in 2018 [#]?
What is the average number of mistakes (incorrect nucleotides) made in the replication of DNA when a cell divides by mitosis [#]?
How many standard ping pong balls would it take to equal the mass of the largest living creature (a blue whale) in the world [#]?
How many atoms thick5 is a piece of 65lb weight paper [#]?
How many piano tuners are there in the United States [#]?
How many burgers have been sold by McDonalds (ever) [#]?
How much sugar is used daily in the production of carbonated soft drinks in the United States [kg]?
What is Coca Cola’s annual spending on ads [$]?
How much money traded annually in the New York Stock Exchange [$]?
How many prime numbers are there less than 10^420 [#]?
What is the sum of the reciprocals of the palindromic prime numbers?
What is log2 of the largest twin prime discovered so far?
What is the absolute value of the product of the non-zero answers on the Fermi Questions test?
How many washing machines are there in South Korea?
How much money does the Las Vegas strip make from gamblers per year?
Accounting for major pandemics, war, famines, as well as life expectancy and population change over time, how many seconds have been experienced by all humans throughout time?
If ISS did not burn and came down, probability of hitting a Ferrari
How many sticks of chalk are consumed by Fine (everyone in the Princeton math department) every year?
How much weight volume (weight * #) lifted over course of entire year at Dillon by all
How many pawns has Kasparov (whatever chess player) taken since
Assuming perfect power transmission and ability for continuous power delivery without pause, how long, in seconds, would it take a taser to charge a Tesla Model X?
What is the product of the dollar value of the Ivy League universities’ endowments?
How many amps of current to cancel Earth’s magnetic field?
How many votes have been cast for GOP EVER for President in state of NY
What is the ratio of bullets fired in the American Revolutionary War to those fired in World War II?
How many times is the word “science” written in all books in Firestone Library (including reserves)?
With an infinitely thin laser, what’s the probability (in decimal) of randomly pointing it out into space and hitting Proxima Centauri?
Consider the resonant periods (in seconds) of the Golden Gate bridge in the following three directions: Horizontal, Vertical, and Longitudinal (within the material). What is their product (in seconds^3)?
Estimate 24!! (24x22x20x18…x2)
How long would it take to assemble all of the products sold by IKEA in 2021?
If you randomly dropped a pin over the United states, what is the probability that it would land in a swimming pool?
Estimate the minimum k such that the sum from n= 1 to k of 1/n is greater than
How long of a line could you draw with a single standard No. 2 pencil? (meters)
How many atoms of gold are in an iPhone XR?
How much on average, in USD, does Drake make during one second on Spotify?
Suppose a comedian told a (funny) joke at the Super Bowl, and everybody watching laughed at their joke. Cumulatively, how many pounds are lost due to laughter by everyone watching (including on TV)?
How many transistors could fit in a square centimeter of circuit board in 1990?
Right now (the time you are reading this!), in football fields, what is the area of the triangle formed by Eris, Pluto, and Ceres?
If you had a meter long slab of diamond and you heated it up by 10 degrees Celsius from room temperature, how much would its length expand, in meters?
How many Toyota Corollas could fit on Route 66?
How much does all of the ketchup sold in the USA in 2019 weigh? (in kg.)
How many people in the United States have the last name Smith?
The Lamorghini Veneno is the most expensive Lamborghini sold new. How many of these could you buy with the GDP of Italy?
Assuming one is sitting in Princeton NJ, how much faster is one moving around the center of the Milky Way than around the center of Earth?
How many seconds passed between Enrico Fermi’s death and the establishment of Fermilab?
An SR-71 Blackbird flying at top speed takes how many seconds to reach the Sun from Earth?
How large, in square centimeters, is the combined area (one side) of the solar panel arrays on the International Space Station?
Counting all agencies and the type of work (seasonal, full time, etc), how many people are employed by the *just* the federal government (not state, local) of the United States of America?
Assuming he runs at his 100m-record average speed, how many parsecs can Usain Bolt run in 2023 years?
How many tennis balls would fit in the Indian Ocean?
What is 17 to the power of 56?
What number of tennis balls would you have to lay on the surface area of an Olympic-sized swimming pool in order to fully cover it?
How many US dollar bills would it take in order to create a stack from Stockholm to Mumbai?
What is the height of the Great Pyramid of Giza, as a multiple of the height of the statue of liberty?
What number of computer pixels would you have to lay on the surface area of the Sun in order to fully cover it?
What does a 24 inch beach ball weigh, measured in units of grains of birch pollen?
How many Earth-sized planets does it take to equal the weight of the star Betelgeuse (which has 18 times the mass of the Sun)?
How many staridard 2x4 lego blocks would it take to make a replica of an average human?
How many handcuffs would it take in order to create an interlocked chain from Istanbul to Beijing?
In 2010 how many pounds of oranges were grown worldwide?
What is the number of US dimes it would take to make a full scale model of General Sherman (a sequoia tree and the world's largest tree)?
How many standard 2x4 lego blocks would it take in order to create a stack from Washington DC to Juneau AK?
How many US dollar coins would it take in order to create a stack the length of a mile?
Determine the distance from Pluto to the Sun divided by the diameter of Auto.
How many carbon atoms would it take in order to create a single-file line of atoms along the total length of the U.S.'s land boundaries?
How many toothpicks would fit in the Atlantic Ocean?
What is the diameter of Jupiter, as a multiple of the height of Mount Everest?
How many seconds would it take a common snail to travel the length of a nautical mile?
What's the total dollar value of all apples sold yearly by all orchards in the US?
What is the number of standard Rubik's Cubes it would take to fill the Oval Office?
How many standard Rubik's Cubes would fit in a Hindenburg class airship?
What is the thickness of a cell membrane, as a multiple of the length of the Nile river?
How many carbon atoms would it take in order to create a single-file line of atoms the length of a mile?
How many red blood cells are there in the average human body?
As a factor, how much more is the price of a 15-1b bag of basmati rice than the pricevofan Airbus A380 jet airliner (seats up to 853)?
What is pi to the power of 7?
What number of US dollar bills would you have to lay on the surface area of Manhattan in order to fully cover it?
How many bytes of data do Facebook users produce per day?
How many minutes would it take a light beam to travel the length of a nanometer?
2^32
17!
0.1^89
50,000,000^(1/9)
19^19 - 2^4 + 1,000,000^47
If multiple Suns were placed side-by-side, how many would it take to cover the distance between the locations of the Earth and actual Sun? (Not a trick question, don’t assume 0)
Assuming you are a 180 pound person, how many miles would you have to walk to burn all the calories from the amount of McDonald's Big Macs you could buy using the budget of “Star Wars: The Last Jedi”?
How many water molecules are in 18 mL of water?
About 10,000 tons of Pepe’s frog relatives are eaten each year. If Pepe had an American penny for each gram of frog eaten, what would be the mass of the amount of pennies he would have in one year, in grams?
Rice University has almost as many trees as undergrads. Hypothetically, if one tree costs the same amount as one sad Rice undergraduate student’s semester tuition, what fraction of a tree could you buy with a nickel?
To utilize sad Rice Students as a form of energy, a groundbreaking program fitted the entire undergraduate population in a device that caused them to cry for an entire day. How much of the Saturn V’s first stage fuel capacity can these sad kids’ tears fill?
In 2016, how many pianos were there in the city limits of Houston?
The city of PyeongChang will be hosting this year’s winter Olympics. How many people will come to see the games?
In the human body, how long is the colon, in nanometers?
What number would you get if you multiply the diameter of smallest virus by the distance light travels in a year?
I accidentally left my mini-fridge open last night. Of what fraction of Rice’s total energy consumption recorded from the last fiscal year did I apparently contribute?
How long, in deciseconds, would the “Bee Movie” be if every time the word “bee” was said, the 4th movement of Beethoven’s Ninth Symphony played?
A high school senior has given up trying to improve his college essay and tries to run away from his troubles through pointless activities. For each character of his essay, he plans to play every key on a piano. If he plays a quarter note at the same BPM as the number of ridges on an American dime, how long, in seconds, would he be playing the piano, assuming he plays continuously? Assume the essay is about 500 words.
How many Lebron James’s new California mansion can you fit on the largest ice shelf in Antarctica?
How many Etruscan Shrews can you line up along the length of the Gotthard Base Tunnel?
If the area of an NBA basketball court was scaled up to the area of an NFL football field, what would be the diameter of a men’s basketball if it was increased by the same scale? Give your answer in yards.
Schwarzschild radius, also called gravitational radius, is the radius below which gravitational attraction between the particles of the body causes irreversible gravitational collapse, i.e black hole. It is formulated by R = 2GM/c^ If Stacy’s mom weighs 55kg, how many Twinkies can you fit in her Schwarzschild radius?
An ideal gas is in a solid container with immovable walls, and the initial gas pressure is 2 atm. If the temperature of the gas in kelvin doubles, what would be the new gas pressure, in atm?
How many rotations are there of all the carbon-carbon single bonds in one mole of natural gas at room temperature by the time this test is over?
Assuming my pet goldfish is immortal and has limitless energy, how fast, in seconds, would it take for him to travel the shortest distance around the world such that he can visit all 7 continents?
A sad spring semester freshman has given up trying to save his crumbling GPA. In a frantic attempt to bolster his credentials, he tries to find a research lab to work at by sending emails to professors once per week for an entire semester. If he attaches his resume to each email in pdf format, how many gigabytes of information would he have sent (only from his resumes) by the end of the semester?
How many Earths can you fit into the Sun?
I like Despacito and corn burritos. How many Spanish or English words or phrases also have a similar rhyming pattern?
After declaring human’s plans to colonize mars as an illegal act and a violation of intergalactic border law, the Galactic Federation proposed to close off Earth from space by building a 1-mile thick carbon fiber shell around it. Estimate the costs of such an endeavor.
What is the number of Science Olympiad alumni/volunteers here at Rice who have helped make this competition possible raised to the power of the number of writers for this Fermi test?
How many asteroid belts would it take to equal the mass of the Kuiper belt?
How many ways are there to arrange the letters of RICKARDSSCIENCEOLYMPIAD?
How many atoms are there combined in all of the people in North America and South America (including Central America) assuming they are all average adults?
An object on Earth freely falls with an acceleration of 10 m/s^2 downwards with no air resistance. If a person initially at rest were to constantly speed up with this acceleration, but in a horizontal direction, how long in Svedbergs would it take them to get from the Earth to Uranus?
Rickards alumnus T-Pain is a well known American music artist and record producer. As of today, 11/06/2022, what is the average rate of euros per galactic years that T-Pain gained his net worth since the day he was born?
You have decided to make a unit grid from your house to James S. Rickards High School. You plot your house at the origin of your grid and Rickards HS at the point (150, 150). If you can only go up 1 unit or right 1 unit at a time, how many different paths are there to get from your house to Rickards HS?
After careful consideration, you have concluded that SciOly is not for you and you want to go on the path to be a history major instead. You decide that you want to write the Constitution of the United States. It took you the time interval between taxation assessments in the Roman Empire to write the full constitution 1994 times. With the same rate of writing, how many words of the constitution could you write in the time length of a shake?
Kevin is a circuit builder. He has 1000 resistors he wants to put in a circuit. 500 of them are in series and have values (in ohms) of 1, 8, 27, 64, 125, ... , 500^ The other 500 are in parallel and have values (in ohms) of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, ... , For series resistors, RT = R1 + R2 + R3 + ... + Rn. For parallel resistors, 1/RT = 1/R1 + 1/R2 + 1/R3 + ... + 1/Rn. What is the equivalent resistance of the entire circuit in kiloohms?
If Joe gives every person in Florida the current minimum wage of Florida for 8 hours a day, 5 days a week for the length of a solar cycle, how much money in US dollars (assuming population and wage stays constant) would the combined population have earned in that time?
In a chemical reaction, 50 moles of CO2 and 60 moles of H2O react to form 80 moles of oxygen gas and 10 moles of pentane (C5H12 ). How much heat is absorbed in kilojoules per mole?
Based on the population density of the most densely populated city on Earth, how many people could cover the entire surface area of the Earth?
3 people are buying SciOly invitational medals at a rate of 5 medals per second each. If Amazon’s 2021 revenue was evenly distributed among the 3 of them, how long in exaseconds would it take 1 of the buyers to have spent all of their money?
Germans consume a lot of beer. If the amount of beer sold in Germany in 2021 was consumed by 1 person, how many Planck lengths would the person have to run to burn all of those calories?
The 2022 FIFA World Cup is coming! The tournament will take place in Qatar during November and December, because of the excessive heat during the summer. What was the highest recorded temperature in Qatar ever in degrees Rankine?
Argentina is one of the favorites for the World Cup. If half of the people in Argentina were given a standard soccer/football (association football), then how many hexagons would there be total from all of the balls?
What is the ratio of the height of the Taj Mahal to the height of Burj Khalifa?
How many fortnights ago from today, 11/06/2022, was the first recorded Science Olympiad competition?
What is the number of ways to make change for $50, allowing $2 bills?
If the stars in the universe were evenly distributed among all of the galaxies in the universe, what would be the amount of stars in each galaxy?
How many blue whales would it take to line up lengthwise across the diameter of half of the universe?
If the total cost of the 2018 renovation of Rickards HS’ campus was piled up in quarters, then what would be the weight of the quarters in troy ounces?
The test writer making this question is feeling sick currently. Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, how many people in the world have recovered from the virus?
Maybe after all of these questions, you think to take on the It’s About Time event. What is the period of a pendulum (on Earth) in Olympiads, given that the pendulum length is 1 foot?
How many pairs of Nike shoes (based on MSRP) would China have to sell to gain their projected 2027 revenue for all footwear?
Sand particles come in varying sizes. How many grains of “fine sand” would it take to fully fill a cone with radius of 3 feet and a height of 83 meters?
At what temperature in degrees Celsius does it have the same number for degrees Delisle?
How many pages are there in the AP Calculus Textbook by Ron Larson and Bruce Edwards?
How many characters including spaces are in the last 5 questions combined (this question is included in the 5)?
In an electrochemical cell, dichromate is used as an oxidizing agent for the formation of the potassium ion. What would be the equilibrium constant of this reaction at standard conditions? [Apparently this is an anticheat problem]
Andrew Jackson did not win the Presidential election of 1824, although he had the most popular and electoral college votes. If I say that 1 electoral college vote is equivalent to 5000 popular votes, then how many total popular votes did Andrew Jackson receive?
How long ago did the first photosynthesizing cyanobacteria form in lustrums?
How many positive integral divisors does the number 27,081,081,027,000 have?
What is the value of the 750th Fibonacci number subtracted by the 740th Fibonacci number?
What is the value for the number of ways to arrange a 6 x 6 Rubik’s cube multiplied by the number of ways to arrange a 4 x 4 Rubik’s cube?
Hall has 105 books. How many ways are there for him to order 13 books on a shelf?
Emma tracks the progress of a certain second-order chemical reaction by measuring the concentration of one of the reactants, A, using a device with a detection limit of 45 ppm. She notes that it takes exactly 24 hours for the concentration of A to fall from its initial concentration of 2 M to 1 M. Given that the molar mass of A is 51 g/mol, how many additional hours would it take for the concentration of A in solution to become undetectable?
Reactions with a free energy change of more than around 30 kJ/mol are considered "irreversible." For such a reaction at 25 degrees Celsius, what is the ratio of products to reactants at equilibrium?
A 60mm long stick of 7mm diameter pencil lead weighs 04 grams. Assuming that pencil lead is composed of pure carbon, calculate the average separation, in meters, between the carbon atoms in pencil lead.
What is the largest number that can be represented using a 64-bit signed integer?
How many cents per hour of footage would it cost to to store a 60 fps 4K video on hard drives?
The Library of Babel is a fictional library, described in the Jorge Luis Borges short story of the same name, that contains every possible book composed of 3,000 characters (limited to the 26 uppercase and lowercase English letters, spaces, and periods). How many books are in the Library of Babel?
[The Library of Babel is a fictional library, described in the Jorge Luis Borges short story of the same name, that contains every possible book composed of 3,000 characters (limited to the 26 uppercase and lowercase English letters, spaces, and periods).] Let x denote the number of books in the Library of Babel as specified in the previous question. Let y denote the number of works on Archive of Our Own, the largest online fanfiction repository. What is x/y?
Consider the following anecdote: "In Lower Pomerania is the Diamond Mountain, which is two miles and a half high, two miles and a half wide, and two miles and a half in depth; every hundred years a little bird comes and sharpens its beak on it, and when the whole mountain is worn away by this, then the first second of eternity will be over." Suppose each time the bird sharpens its beak, one carbon atom is removed from the diamond lattice. By this definition, how many times longer is one second of eternity compared to an actual second?
Suppose I spent all of my free time over summer break watching Netflix. What proportion of Netflix's total 2021-2022 viewing time would this constitute?
How many pixels are found in the largest (defined by having the highest pixel count) photograph of all time?
If all of the sand in the world were placed in Lake Erie, then what would be the ratio of grains of sand per cubic yoctometer?
Wang has 36 big Reese’s Cups he wants to give to 5 people. If everyone must get at least 3 candies, then how many ways can Wang distribute the Reese’s Cups to the 5 people?
If the number of cells in the average human body decreased by half in the half-life length of carbon-14, then how long in hours would it take for 1 cell to remain?
As of now, Drake’s most listened to song on Spotify has billions of plays. For how many jiffies (the physics time unit) has the song been listened to?
Convert (AU) * (metric tons)^2 * (nautical leagues)^4 * (shakes) / (ounces) * (megaparsecs)^2 * (angstroms) * (stones) * (yottaseconds) to meters
How many digits are in
Compute 13^513
Compute C(513, 100)
Compute 513!
Compute the derangement of 13
Compute the 1000th Fibonacci Number.
How many teardrops would it take to fill up Lake Ontario?
How many languages are there on Earth?
How old is the oldest material on Earth?
How many species of animals have scientists observed and classified?
In kilowatt-hours, how much electric energy does Greece use per year?
How many different Google Font Families are available for free on Google Docs?
How many lakes are in Indiana?
How many major deserts are there in the world?
How many pounds of food does an average person eat per year?
How many seconds does it take for Neptune to make a complete orbit around the Sun?
According to the US Census Bureau, what was the population of Indiana in 2022?
How many trophies does the #1 ranked Brawl Stars Player have?
How many minutes does the average person spend on their phone each week?
How many seconds has Ephram Chun spent playing chess on Lichess.org?
Assuming that the equator is paved, how many gallons of gas would a car consume if it were to drive all the way around the equator?
How many pennies would I need to stack on top of each other to reach the moon from Earth?
How many tickets have been sold worldwide to Taylor Swift’s Eras tour?
How much money, in Japanese Yen, would you make if you sold a cube of solid gold with a side length equal to the length of a Bugatti Chiron?
How many times would I have to drink from a standard boba straw to drain the Pacific Ocean?
How many pairs of Adidas ultraboosts can I buy if I spent the entirety of the 2022 U.S defense budget?
What was the area, in barns (unit), of the Roman empire at its peak?
What is the cardinality of the power set of a set containing 45 elements?
Assuming Shishir read at an average pace, what is the distance, in meters, that a garden snail could travel in the time it takes him to read the entire Hunger Games Trilogy?
What is the minimum number of black ants needed to lift a weight equal to a UPS delivery truck?
How many times could I have watched the Lord of the Rings trilogy in the time from the big bang to the present?
What is the probability that a pebble dropped randomly over the U.S lands on a McDonalds?
What is the probability that I roll at most one 6 when I roll 100 fair dice?
A tetration of a number to the order is defined as x^x^x.., where is exponentiated times. How many digits are in the tetration of 5 to the order 4?
The volume of ink, in mL, needed to print 2024 4” by 4” photos?
The amount of time, in days, it would take to build the Burj Khalifa if, instead of the original crew, I had a workforce equal to the number of dentists in the U.S. that worked at the same pace?
How many total Calories were burnt by all the runners who completed the Boston Marathon in 2023?
What is the speed, in m/s of an average passenger aircraft?
How loud is a police siren, in decibels, if I were standing right next to it?
What is the sum of the top 13 Go player Elo’s?
How deep is the deepest part of the ocean, in kilometers?
How long is the entire Clone Wars Series in seconds?
How many different teams can Audrey create for Pokemon Scarlet and Violet National Dex Monotype?
How many Exoplanets have been discovered as of September 21, 2023?
How many grains of sand are in the Sahara Desert?
On average, how many more cells does a male adult have compared to a female adult?
In Gigawatt Hours, how much electricity did the country Brunei use in 2022?
In Kilotons, how much carbon dioxide was released from Slovenia in 2020?
What is the cost of garment imports in the G20 that are at risk of modern slavery?
How many droplets of water are on Earth?
How many pixels are there on the new iPhone 15 Pro Max?
What is the volumetric flow, in sverdrups, of the Nile river?
What is combined net worth of all U.S billionaires?
How many hairs are there on an average human’s head?
How many devices in the world run Java?
How many Cryptocurrency users are there worldwide?
How many species of beetles are there in the world?
How many people in the United States were on Active Military Duty in 2022?
How many seconds has Ephram Chun spent playing chess on Lichess.org?
How many people does the University of Pennsylvania employ?
What is 22017?
What is 745?
What is 216352 × 836732?
What is 230 × 123 × 161 × 538?
The largest prime number discovered to date is 274,207,281 − How many digits does this number have?
How many ways are there to arrange 8 queens on a standard 8 × 8 chessboard?
Now suppose that the queens must be arranged in a manner such that none of the queens could capture another (i.e. none of the queens can be under attack). How many such configurations are possible? Do not include boards that are reflections, rotations, etc.
How much energy has been used through the consumption of gasoline by all the cars in the world since the invention of the automobile?
How long, in seconds, would it take for the Sun to output the amount of energy found in the question above?
How many ways are there to scramble a Rubik’s cube?
Suppose that Feliks Zemdegs (a speedcuber from Australia) takes 10 seconds to solve every Rubik’s cube. How long would it take him, in years, to solve the number of cubes found in the question above?
How many atoms are in the average human’s body?
What is the military budget of the United States, in US Dollars?
How many students could be put through elementary and secondary school with the amount of money found in the question above?
How many 1 meter square solar panels would you need to power 13 microwaves?
What is the thickness of a cell membrane, in meters?
How much land area would each person have, in square meters, if all the land on Earth was evenly distributed?
How fast does a raindrop fall at terminal velocity, in centimeters per second?
What is the pressure, in atmospheres, at the bottom of the Mariana Trench?
How much energy is stored in a 9V battery, in picoJoules?
How many standard 2x2 Lego bricks do I need to stack on top of each other to create a stack as tall as the Empire State Building?
The stack referenced in the previous question reaches a height far from the theoretical maximum height. How high, in meters, could Lego bricks be stacked one on top of the other, before the bottom brick is crushed? The average maximum force a single brick can withstand is about 4,000 Newtons.
How much does the DNA content of a single cell weigh, in Newtons?
Consider the combustion of butane (2C4H10 + 13O2 → 8CO2 + 10H2), which has an enthalpy of com- bustion of -5 kJ/mol. How much energy, in Joules, would be released by reacting an Avogadro’s number of moles of butane with unlimited oxygen?
How many seconds would it take the average nuclear plant to generate the amount of energy found in the question above?
How many pencils are made each year?
What is the distance between the Earth and the Moon, in multiples of regulation NBA basketballs?
How much energy, in Joules, is released in a typical type II supernova from gravitational potential energy?
Of the quantity found in the question above, n% is used to convert protons and electrons to neutrons. What is n?
In the poem “Dover Beach”, British poet Matthew Arnold observes the French coast from Dover, Kent in the United Kingdom. If there is a single light source on the French coast across the English Channel, what is the time, in seconds it takes for the light to reach Arnold’s eyes? Assume the distance between the poet and the light source is the shortest distance across the Strait of Dover.
How many total words are in Adam Smith’s The Wealth of Nations (1776)?
How many electrons would it take to equal the mass of the moon?
Jeffrey P. Bezos is the founder, chairman, and CEO of Amazon. If his net worth were to be equally divided among every person in Mozambique, how many nickels, in USD, would each individual receive?
As many people as all the cells in an average human brain applied to Harvard University. How many of them would be admitted, using the admittance rate for the Harvard class of 2021?
How many chess grandmasters are alive today?
What is the combined area of Massachusetts, a state in the United States, and the State of Mexico, a Mexican federal entity located in South-Central Mexico (not to be confused with the country of Mexico)? Express your answer in square inches.
Karl the robot types at a constant rate of 133 words per minute. Karl is powered by solar panels. How many words can Karl type before the Sun is projected to run out of fuel?
What is the total number of human protein-coding genes in the human genome?
How many bushels of corn did Iowa farmers grow grow in 2016?
Find 54!
Find 3^
Find 1*3*5*7*...*31*
In a 400 gram bag of Sour Patch Kids, what is the mass of the sodium content, in picograms?
What is the ionization energy of Beryllium (Be), in J/mol?
Find the distance between Sydney and Perth, in parsecs.
In 2017, what was the total mass of the chocolate consumed by the Swiss, in petagrams?
What is the mass of all the water on Earth, in metric tons (tonnes)?
Find log(4)ln(4)log(5)ln(5)log(6)ln(6).....log(15)ln(15).
The Leshan Giant Buddha, located in Sichuan, China, is the tallest stone Buddha statue in the world. It was carved out of a cliff face during the Tang Dynasty. How tall is the Leshan Giant Buddha, in Astronomical Units (AUs)?
How many bacteria are in a normal, 70 kg man?
How many acres of pizza do Americans eat each day?
“Montag” is German for Monday. How many Mondays have passed since Die Zugspitze, the highest peak in Germany, was first climbed by Josef Naus (a surveying technician), his survey assistant, Maier, and a mountain guide, J. Georg Tauschl?
What was the 2015 annual GDP (in pounds sterling) of the Isle of Man, a British Crown dependency?
How many calories does an average human consume in a lifetime?
How many seconds of schooltime will all the students in the United States have this year?
What is the average distance between Mercury and Saturn in units of the height of the Taj Mahal?
If all the Yugioh cards that have ever been printed are collected and placed in a grid, how many Alabamas could they cover?
How long, in seconds, would it take to burn every existing copy of Fahrenheit 451 one at a time, assuming no new books are printed?
What is the number of primes between 10^10 and 10^10000?
If you connected the ends of every strand of hair on your proctor’s head, how many flutes could they string up?
If every insect alive at this time played “Flight of the Bumblebee” on a tiny tuba, how many notes could they play in a day?
What is the ratio of the pressure at the center of a proton to the pressure of a human bite?
How many possible organic compounds with molecular weight less than 500 Da are theorized to exist?
How many leaves are there on all the trees in the world?
Bob ate all the burgers McDonald has ever sold. How many miles would he have to swim at an average pace to be able to burn off all those calories?
How many watt-seconds does it take to melt Antarctica?
How many meters of stacked punch cards would it take to hold all of the data in the NSA’s data storage warehouses?
How many alkaline AA batteries would it take to power an average American home?
How many chemical compounds have been discovered?
Levin and Kitty just had their first child! Congratulations to the parents. They plan to entertain their newborn with Teletubbies, at a rate of one episode per day. How many years will the television series last them?
How many pandas currently reside in Japan?
The newest entry in the Cyberpunk video game series is set in what year?
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write?
In 2020, how many ship crew members died during pirate attacks?
How many total listens does Karma Police by Radiohead have on Spotify?
In a stringed orchestra with 10 violins, how many bass players would you expect?
How many Amazon Prime memberships are there?
How many generally accepted breeds of dogs are there?
How many times does the word “the” appear in Legally Blonde (2001)’s screenplay (shooting script, including both the dialogue and stage directions)?
What is the ratio between the 1273319th and the 1273318th Fibonacci number?
How many black bears live in Ohio?
How many small businesses exist in the US?
How many nickels is a human heart worth?
Consider Marcel Proust’s In Search of Lost Time. If Proust wrote the extensive book series at a rate of 500 words each day, how many years did it take to get to its ultimate length?
How many public schools in Israel require school uniforms?
How many Chinese characters does the average educated Chinese adult know?
How many LEGO bricks have been produced worldwide?
How many small towns exist in Germany?
How long is a yo-yo string, in nanometers?
How many dollars would it take to purchase every single League of Legends skin?
How many films has Australia produced?
How many active Discord servers presently exist?
How many high schools are present in Indonesia?
In the recent Fromsoftware release Elden Ring, including both water and land, how large is the surface map in square kilometers?
At Wimbledon, what is the average number of steps taken by a tennis player during a game?
How many civilian-owned guns exist worldwide?
How many drum sets were sold in the United States in 2021?
What’s the total revenue of Overwatch 1 in USD?
In the United States, how many people, on average, get a 4 on the AP 2D Art and Design exam each year?
In 2020, what is the gross export of preserved fish for Albania, in Albanian Lek?
How many individual bacteria and archaea are there on earth?
Given that Rubisco is the most abundant enzyme on earth, how many copies of it currently exist?
How much revenue did Apple generate with iPhone purchases in 2018?
How many galaxies are in the observable universe?
How many subatomic particles are there in the observable universe?
Consider Hicham El Guerrouj’s 1999 current world record time for the mile and Eliud Kipchoge’s 2022 current world record time for the full marathon. If they could maintain these paces for the entirety of Mongolia’s border, what would be the difference in finishing times in seconds?
How many minutes would it take to walk to the end of a flat Minecraft world?
Let’s say we fill a standard high school classroom with hardcover copies of Stephanie Meyer’s Twilight. Suddenly, every copy of Twilight in the room has been replaced with a copy of Joseph Conrad’s Heart of Darkness, specifically the Signet Classics mass media paperback edition. How much square footage just opened up inside the classroom?
How many milliliters of water are in the Black Sea?
How many humans lived before the Agricultural Revolution?
What amount of sand grains would compose an equivalent weight to the Eiffel Tower?
If each character in this question was replaced by the entire bee movie script, how many characters long would it be?
If the mass of the earth and moon suddenly swapped, how many times longer would the period of a pendulum be on the surface of the Earth?
If all of Taylor Swift’s Instagram followers were on the surface of Pluto all at once, what would the population density of Pluto be in people per square mile?
If a person was working at the rate of minimum wage in Texas, how many hours would they need to work to purchase Leonardo da Vinci’s most expensive painting that was sold at an auction?
How many times can someone watch Pixar’s highest grossing film (global, excluding re-releases) in the time it takes a golf-cart driving at the average speed of a golf-cart to drive from Los Angeles, California to New York City, New York in a straight line?
How many pounds of oxygen could all of the trees cut down in 2021 produce in one year?
37^124=?
Consider the total number of professional shogi players - both the regular category and the women's category. How many Olympic swimming pools worth of water does the group as a whole drink in a year?
Envision a war between every jaguar in the Amazon Rainforest and every lion in the Savannah Grassland. Assuming a lion can defeat 5 jaguars on average before succumbing to its wounds, how much of the victorious group is left at the end of the war? Note that victory necessitates total destruction of the losing group. You must provide the correct name of the surviving group to receive credit.
How many sheets of A4 paper constitute an equivalent mass of the entire Andromeda Galaxy?
If an atomic clock and standard wristwatch were to run until the sun runs out of hydrogen to fuse, how many seconds apart will they be? Assume both clocks can run indefinitely by today's accuracy standards.
If every water molecule in every human was replaced by deuterium water, how much heavier would the entire human population be in metric tons?
If every pixel of an 8k monitor was chosen to have a random RGB value, what is the probability that the screen will have a uniform color? Answer with the Fermi number of the Fermi number of the probability.
If all human cells are replaced with domestic cats (Felis catus), and the Earth’s crust is replaced with dry cat food, how many milliseconds would the cats take to finish eating all the cat food? (Assume a cat eat 5 cups of dry food per day)
If all humans aged 26-30 who died during the outbreak of the Black Death in the Middle Ages were revived, what would be their total bone mass, in metric tons?
In cubic meters, what is the volume of cotton candy needed to replicate the mass of the largest black hole ever observed?
How many sheets of paper is your exam booklet?
What is the ratio of the current human population to the total human population in 2023 BCE?
What fraction (expressed as a decimal) of positive integers less than are perfect squares?
How many bytes of data are created/uploaded on the Internet every day?
How many times does the word "Sith" appear in the movie transcript of Star Wars: Episode III - The Revenge of The Sith (2005)?
What is ? Here log denotes the base 10 logarithm.
What is the numeric difference between one extra degree north of the latitude of the pyramid of Giza (in degrees North) and the speed of light (in tens of megameters per second), where both are given in 5 significant figures?
What is the total length, in inches, of all the (currently alive) people estimated to be born on February 29th stacked head to toe?
The answer to this question is an integer between -100 and -1 inclusive. What is the probability you get this question correct (if you were to guess randomly)?
32 teams are competing at SOAPS today. How many events will be competed in today? If k teams participate in an event, then we count k "events competed in".
A DNA strand 36 base pairs in length could code for how many different polypeptides?
How many times faster would someone need to travel to go around the Milky Way galaxy in 80 days if it takes them 80 days to go around the world (on the Earth's equator)? (Ignore any effects of special relativity.)
What is the ratio of worldwide deaths from the Black Death (during the 1300s) to worldwide Covid-19 deaths?
In how many days would the breaths you exhale equal the volume of air that comprises the lung capacity of a blue whale?
What is the ratio of 20-illion (short scale) over 23-illiard?
How many neutrons would need to be lined up to reach the length of one Smoot?
What is the cost in cents of a road trip from Penn State University to Wichita State University?
You may have heard that recently two pairs of prefixes were added to the SI system! How many quettameters is the length of a proton's diameter?
Suppose that the entire US military budget for this fiscal year was spent to buy all the ants on Earth. How many dollars would each individual ant cost?
How many light-meters would it take to take a flight from Miami, Florida to St. Petersburg, Russia?
Hyperion is the tallest (living) tree in the world. How many times further is the average distance between the Earth and the Moon than the height of Hyperion?
In 1862, the Homestead Act let citizens of the US claim 160 acres of "surveyed" land. How many such 160-acre plots would there be if the entire USA were used for this purpose, including Alaska, Hawaii, and overseas territories?
How many gross of great gross of dozens of eggs are needed to make one soft-boiled egg?
As Ash will no longer be the protagonist of the Pokemon series, if he were to be compensated with all of the revenue the franchise has ever made in USD, how many times could he retire? Use the median retirement savings of an American as the cost for retirement.
The current meerkat population is about 500, Approximately how many of these meerkats will be murdered by their own species if we follow all of them to their cause of death? Hint: Meerkats have been deemed the "most murderous" mammal species.
Suppose the entire budget for SOAPS this year were spent on a prize pool for the tournament such that the n-th placing team would receive a share of the pot (eg. 1st place would get 50%, 3rd place 5%, etc). If infinitely many teams signed up but the budget doesn't change, how many teams would have received at least ?
What is the minimum number of gigabytes necessary to represent googolplex?
It is said that Olive Garden offers unlimited breadsticks for its customers. However, they are filthy liars as the production of wheat obviously limits how many breadsticks can be offered to customers. Suppose that the entirety of the US production of wheat in 2021-2022 were provided to Olive Garden to make breadsticks. How many breadsticks could Olive Garden serve, assuming they were only limited by how much wheat they had?
Assume one Ohio-class submarine launches its entire arsenal (when maxed out) of UGM-133 Trident II (Trident D5) submarine-launched ballistic missiles (SLBMs), where each ballistic missile is loaded with eight Mk-V multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles (MIRVs) and each Mk-V MIRV is loaded with a W88 American thermonuclear warhead. What is the maximum amount of the Earth's surface area, in kilometers squared, that can be covered by AT LEAST light blast damage (1 psi blast pressure) if all the Ohio-class's W88 warheads reach their target? Exclude any effects of nuclear fallout.
You may recall that a ship was stuck in the Suez Canal. What would be the font size of the phrase EVERGREEN as printed on the side of that ship, the Ever Given?
Using its all-time high from November 2021, what would be the height, in meters, of 114 Bitcoin as a stack of 1 dollar bills?
How much Coleslaw, in grams, would fulfill a three-toed sloth's metabolic needs for a day? (Fun fact: Most sloths are entirely folivores, meaning they just eat leaves.)
Suppose we were to approximate the solar system (very poorly) using a circle with radius the maximum distance from the Sun to Pluto. What is the area of this circle in hectares?
How long, in seconds, would your eyes be closed if you stayed awake for 3 days straight?
How many kilometers does the tip of Leonard Bernstein's baton move when he conducted his overture to "Candide" with the New York Philharmonic (specifically the Oct. 22, 1960 performance during the NY Phil Young People's Concert)? The overture is about 4 minutes long.
An apple a day is said to keep the doctors away. Suppose a hypothetical reality where this is the case. Assume an individual somehow consumed the entire US production of apples in 2021 (in fresh equivalent), completely for free. Assume every doctor kept away by every apple this individual ate saved a sum of money equivalent to an average primary care (checkup) visit expense in 2022 (US). How much money did this individual save?
Assume “cats'' and “dogs” are both quantitative measurements of precipitation. A “cat” corresponds to a volume of water that has the same mass as an average adult domestic cat. Similarly, a “dog” corresponds to a volume of water that has the same mass as an average adult (large breed) dog. How many PAIRS of "cats and dogs” precipitated down in the US in 2021? (Note: one PAIR must only contain/is the combined total of just one cat and just one dog, so mass of one PAIR = mass of one "cat" + mass of one "dog". Also, assume room temperature water density for calculating the mass of total precipitation in the US.)
How much more would Hurricane Katrina (Aug 2005) have weighed if it also came with silver lining as thick as A4 letter paper? (Assume the silver is at room temperature, and Katrina's peak size.)
How many times, if you weren't constrained by how many times you could fold it, would you need to fold a sheet of A4 paper in half to reach Pluto from the Sun (on average)?
How long would it take, in days, for your fingernails to grow the same length that the North American continent drifts away from the Eurasian continent in 150 days?
How many mutations occur in the DNA in your body in the time it takes to watch Gattaca?
What is the combined weight of each viewer of the season finale of the most recently completed season of America's Got Talent in Roman talents?
What would be the volume (in meters cubed) of a sphere, one atom thick, formed from the carbon atoms obtained from a standard unsharpened wooden 2B pencil? (Assume the carbon atoms are not bonded in the sphere but simply closely packed without overlapping orbitals)
You might have heard the saying that someone is worth their weight in gold. How many Whoppers (the burger) can the average adult buy using the value of their weight in gold?
How many atoms of Fluoride are in the total food and drink a person ingests as well as the toothpaste the average person uses, assuming they brush twice a day?
Suppose a snail appears 1 foot behind you and is tasked with chasing you; if it touches you, you will suffer immeasurable consequences. To avoid such a fate, you leave from where you're sitting taking this exam at SOAPS and quickly (read: instantaneously) travel to Anchorage, Alaska. How many hours would it take for the snail to catch up to you if you stop moving as soon as you land?
If you could capture all of it, how long (in seconds) would it take for the body heat of a single, full science olympiad team to melt 23 first place gold medals? (assume the medals are pure gold, initially at room temperature, and about 1cm thick with a diameter of 5cm)
Superswimming is a glitch in The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker that allows players to increase their speed while swimming. Specifically, the magic speed speedrunners aim for while using superswimming is "500 units” of speed. Suppose people could superswim in real life, reaching a speed of 500 knots. How many laps in an olympic swimming pool could an average healthy adult swim (where a lap is one length of the pool, not two) in one breath while superswimming? Assume that superswimming does not reduce the maximum time the person could hold their breath underwater.
The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker's Great Sea is made up of 49 tiles in a 7x7 grid with various islands and points of interest. Each tile is further divided into a grid of 1000 units x 1000 units. Define one unit of length being the distance one would travel at 1 knot for 1 minute. Suppose the X-th largest US state by area is closest in area to that of the Great Sea. What is ?
How many carbon atoms are found in two 20 fl oz bottles of Coca-Cola (one for each of you!), if you somehow removed all of the sugar?
What is the difference, in centitones, of middle C (C4 = 63 Hz) and the perceived note that black hole 3C 84 in Perseus A (NGC 1275) of the Perseus cluster produces through the sonification of relativistic plasma bubble pressure waves?
Assume you are sound designing using an FM synthesizer to generate imperfect intervals, in relation to an equally tempered scale where A4 = 440 Hz. You program the carrier oscillator to play a C1 based on the equally tempered scale. You then turn the FM ratio knob of the modulation oscillator to generate a 13:1 FM ratio. In cents, what is the difference between the highest overtone played by the FM synthesizer and the fundamental?
The n-th Fermat number is defined as . What is ? Here log denotes the base-10 logarithm.
Assume an intergalactic extraterrestrial by the name of "YM" had an infinitesimally small volume but the same mass as supermassive blackhole Tonantzintla If "YM" spontaneously stood near the event horizon of the supermassive blackhole Sagittarius A*, how large would the gravitational force on "YM" be in Newtons at that instant? (Assume only Newtonian physics for simplicity, and that "YM" and Sgr A* are the only masses in this situation.)
The Ottoman Basilic was a 30 caliber siege cannon used during the Conquest of Constantinople that fired large spherical cannonballs of marble. To minimize the friction in the barrel while firing the cannonballs
If adult pigs had fixed wings (without flaps) with a standard lift coefficient, what is the minimum total surface area that the wings should be (in meters squared) such that the pig is able to achieve flight from sea level on Earth assuming it travels at average pig running speed? (Assume the only forces acting on the pig are lift and gravity.)
Define the double factorial for odd integers n as . What is 2023!!? For this question, the scoring will be 5 points for within 5%, 3 points for within 1%, and 1 point for within 2%.
A hypothetical tunnel is dug through the Earth forming an actual straight line (in 3D) from Washington D.C. to Olympia, Washington State. If we assume the Earth is a perfect sphere, and use the airplane direct flight distance between the two cities as the arc distance, we will notice that the tunnel forms a "chord" in this perfect sphere Earth. Given these simplifications, in kelvin, how much hotter is the hottest temperature that the environment surrounding the tunnel underground will reach, due to the geothermal gradient, compared to the surface? (Use average geothermal gradient for the US)
Problems 59 and 60 use the same context in a hypothetical universe. After enduring "down in Ohio" jokes for an eternity, residents of Ohio (Ohioans) have planned their revenge: taking over the United States. Ohioans are evenly distributed among the 49 defending US states (you may neglect the remainder), forming 49 different corps (enumerated 1st through 49th). Each corp has the same fixed number of brigades. EACH brigade contains 1,000 Ohioans. Each corp battles a different state, and the brigades of each corp attack the corresponding state independently. Brigades either win or lose an attack and each have the same percent chance of victory in an independent attack as the percent of the world's population that the Mongol invasions allegedly killed. (Assume that the population of Ohio in ) (Case 1:) Ohio begins by testing the brigades of its 37th corp on just one state: Indiana. If the conquest of Indiana fails, Ohio will cease to be a menace to the rest of the US, compromising Ohio's war strategies. *** In the battle of Indiana, AT LEAST ONE of the 37th corp's brigades must win an attack for Ohio's success in defeating Indiana. What is the percent chance that Ohio is unsuccessful in the battle of Indiana? (Hint: the chance is very small.)
Problems 59 and 60 use the same context in a hypothetical universe. After enduring "down in Ohio" jokes for an eternity, residents of Ohio (Ohioans) have planned their revenge: taking over the United States. Ohioans are evenly distributed among the 49 defending US states (you may neglect the remainder), forming 49 different corps (enumerated 1st through 49th). Each corp has the same fixed number of brigades. EACH brigade contains 1,000 Ohioans. Each corp battles a different state, and the brigades of each corp attack the corresponding state independently. Brigades either win or lose an attack and each have the same percent chance of victory in an independent attack as the percent of the world's population that the Mongol invasions allegedly killed. (Assume that the population of Ohio in ) (Case 2:) A surprise coup d'etat in the governance of Ohio prior to the battle of Indiana causes a change of plans in Ohio's war strategies. Now, Ohio will swiftly engage in a battle with all 49 defending states at once, instead of just Indiana. Additionally, Ohio has realized that to secure stable control over the states once the war has ended, AT LEAST HALF the brigades of each corp must survive and win their independent attacks on their corresponding states. What is the percent chance that Ohio is unsuccessful in conquering the United States if at least half of the brigades of each corp must win their independent attacks? (Note: corps also battle each state independently, and must either win or lose each battle. Ohio prevails in conquering the US if every corp succeeds against every state--particularly when at least half of each of their brigades prevail.)
Penn's founder Benjamin Franklin was a big proponent of being frugal, coining his phrase "a penny saved is a penny earned" in Poor Richard's Almanac  If you saved a penny every time a baby was born in 2023 so far, how many pennies would you have "earned"?
How many pennies would it take to cover the state of Pennsylvania?
How many quarters would it take to balance the weight of the amount of pennies in the previous problem on a scale?
It's Penn's 7th Invitational this year. What is 2023 to the power of 7?
The average tree has about 200,000 leaves, each of which weighs about 5 grams. How many pounds of leaves should we expect to grow back in Philadelphia by the end of spring?
Aphids are pests to springtime growth, but luckily lady bugs are here to the rescue! Each ladybug can eat 5000 aphids in its lifespan. If there are as many aphids in Pennsylvania as can fit to the moon and back, how many ladybugs would be needed to eat all of them?
Nitrogen makes up around 4% of a plant's DRY weight. If you had a greenhouse that grew 10 pounds of LIVE plants, how many nitrogen atoms would have been taken up from the soil?
If the fictional Penn Ivy grows at a rate of 3 cm per hour and was planted during a full moon, how long in mm would it be by the next full moon?
In the interval of one hummingbird flap, how many yards has light traveled?
In the same time frame as the previous question, how many inches would a sound wave have traveled?
How many hydrogen atoms are in the Sun?
If there are 143 different bowls of soup on a table, and I wanted to choose 17 of them to eat, in how many ways can I do so?
Suppose we had enough soup cans (2 inch radius, 6 inches tall) to fill up an Olympic sized pool. How many feet of wrapping would we need to label all of them?
If you never stopped playing the piano at 164 bpm in common time for 10 years straight, how many bars would you have played?
Suppose you played the lowest string on a tuned violin for 10 minutes straight. How many times would that string have vibrated back and forth?
How many fully grown silverback gorillas would it take to bench press the Eiffel tower?
Suppose you could consume uranium-235 (undergoing complete nuclear fission) and absorb all of its energy in calories without any adverse health effects. Assuming that you are an average human weight, how many miles would you have to run to burn off the energy obtained from consuming a kilogram of uranium?
The infinite monkey theorem states that a monkey hitting keys at random on a typewriter keyboard for an infinite amount of time will almost surely type any given text. If the monkey consistently types at 100 WPM on a 44 key-typewriter, how long, in minutes, would we expect the monkey to take to type the following string: "GOOD SOUP"
Suppose you want to go on a road trip from Seattle, Washington to Miami, Florida, inside a Tesla Model S Plaid. Assuming that the battery has infinite capacity, how many seconds would it take to charge the car for the entire trip with a 120W macbook pro charger?
If you dropped a cubic meter block of gold into the deepest part of Marianas Trench, how long would it take (in seconds) for it to sink to the bottom?
How many people would it take to be able to push the statue of liberty, assuming that it is sitting on a surface with a frictional coefficient of 1?
Suppose that each of the people in the last question were paid $25 an hour to push the statue. How long, in hours, would they have to push to collectively acquire as much money as Elon Musk?
Iowa is known for growing a lot of corn. How many pounds of corn is produced per capita in Iowa?
Suppose I wanted to make creamy corn soup using all of Iowa's corn. How many bowls of soup would I be able to make?
If you uncoiled each strand of DNA that you had and placed them end to end, how long, in miles, would it be?
How many miles long is the thickness of a single base pair in a DNA?
A round trip between the Moon and the Earth would be equal to what fraction of the unraveled length of all your DNA?
Suppose you were applying to UPenn. If you had a letter for each base pair of DNA in the human genome, how many common app essays could you write (assume the average word is 5 letters)?
If the weight of all humans on Earth is approximately one trillion pounds, how many pounds of ants are there on Earth?
Rhode Island is the smallest state in the US. Under Wegener's theory of Continental Drift, how many Rhode Island's would be able to fit inside Pangea?
How many google search results show up when I search 'how to make soup'?
Suppose you play a game with the following rules: you roll a fair 20 sided die five times and flip a fair coin. If you roll a twenty every time and get heads, then you win $1,000,000, You must pay $20 to play the game. How much money do you expect to win from playing the game 1,000,000 times?
For every one million English league soccer games played, how many would you expect to end in a draw?
How many soccer balls could you fit on a professional soccer field?
What is the probability that you get hit by a meteorite during your lifetime?
During the final football game of the ivy league season, Penn secured a tight win against Princeton 20- What is 2019^(20+19)?
One of Penn's colors is red. How many football fields can fit into a wavelength of red light?
Suppose a tennis player serves a ball at 120 mph. How much force, in newtons, is exerted on the ball?
How many cans of alphabet soup must I buy to fill a sphere the size of the moon?
How long, in hours, would it take to fully watch every youtube video ever created back to back?
How many people in the world turn 30 every day?
If Usain Bolt maintained his top speed, how many days would it take him to run along a track the length of the equator?
If I were to use a 100 mL pipette to drain lake superior, how many times would I have to use the pipette?
If I were to read one word every day, how many days would it take for me to read every book in the New York public library?
If the average snowfall in Houston, Texas in December was distributed evenly across Russia's surface area, how many inches of snow would there be?
How many dog breeds are officially recognized by the F'd'ration Cynologique Internationale?
How many streetlights are there in seattle?
How many people visit Times Square every year?
Suppose that I randomly pick a city that has over 100,000 residents. What is the probability that it is in Pennsylvania?
How many 10-digit numbers are prime?
What is 2^2017?
What is 12345 × 67890?
What is 17^31?
What is 161 × 294 × 280 × 438?
What is 4 ↑↑ 3? Note: The double up arrow (↑↑) signifies iterated exponentiation (referred to as tetration). Just like multiplication is repeated addition and exponentiation is repeated multiplication, tetration is repeated exponentiation.
Consider the partial sum of a harmonic series; that is, 1 + 1/2 + 1/3 ... + 1/k. that the partial sum will be above 15?
What is the length of a covalent carbon-carbon bond, as a multiple of the height of the statue of liberty?
Consider the combustion of propane (C3H8). How many moles of propane would you need to combust in order to release the same amount of energy that the Sun outputs in an hour? Assume that oxygen (O2) is in excess and that ∆H = −2221 kJ/mol.
How many iron atoms are on the head of an iron pin?
How many nickels, stacked face to face, would it take in order to create a stack the length of a megaparsec?
How many seconds are in a year?
What is the mass of carbon dioxide produced from oil consumption worldwide each year?
How many African bush elephants would it take to equal the mass of the Virgo Supercluster of galaxies, including the Local Group?
How many carbon atoms would it take in order to create a single-file line of atoms from Istanbul to Moscow?
How many times larger is the acceleration due to gravity on the Moon’s surface than the acceleration of a bullet in the barrel of a gun?
Divide the price of a new copy of Campbell’s Biology 9th edition by the price of a B-2 Spirit stealth bomber
How many US dollar bills are needed to blanket the surface area of the Indian Ocean?
How many TI-Nspire calculators would it take to equal the mass of Sirius A?
At roughly what wind speed, in kilometers per hour, is the force on one’s body from wind approximately equal to the weight of an average adult male?
How far, in femtometers, could a cheetah run at top speed in the time that the Sun has been a star?
How many Nexus 6p cellphones, stacked face to face, would you need to to have a stack with the same length as Betelguese’s radius?
What is the radius of the observable universe divided by a Planck’s length?
How many liters are in a barrel of oil?
How many barrels of oil does the US import every year?
How many heartbeats are there in a year for the entire world’s population?
How many HIV-1 viruses would it take to equal the mass of the Empire State Building?
How many handcuffs would it take in order to create an interlocked chain from Boston, Massachusetts to Juneau, Alaska?
How many burgers were sold last year in America?
How many ping pong balls would it take to fill the Indian Ocean?
How many US dollar coins would fit in a bathtub?
What is the mass of Betelgeuse (a red supergiant of spectral type M1-2 in the constellation Orion) divided by the mass of Jupiter?
How many US dollar coins are needed to cover the surface of Pluto?
How many party balloons are needed to equal the volume of the troposphere?
How many many liters of water are contained in an averaged-sized cumulonimbus cloud?
How many US nickels would you need for the resulting Ni content from the nickels to be equal to the amount of Ni in the Earth’s inner core?
How many liters of freshwater would you add to the Dead Sea to decrease its salinity to that of seawater?
How many grains of sand would be needed to fill the Empire State Building?
How many words were texted in the past year in the US?
What is the volume of air breathed by the whole US population each month?
How many kilograms of pizza were consumed last year in the US?
If a cup of water could be converted entirely into thermal energy, how many kilograms of ice could be melted?
If a weather balloon at sea level was taken to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean, what would its new volume be in cubic meters?
If you set the entire volume of water from Lake Michigan over a campfire, how many seconds would it take for the water to boil away?
How many copies of Giancoli, Physics: Principles with Applications 7th edition could be made with all the trees on the Earth?
How many leaves are in the Amazon Rainforest?
How many blades of grass are there in Central Park?
If all the humans on Earth crowded together, how much area would we cover in square kilometers?
What is the speed of Titan’s orbit around Saturn in meters per second?
What is the thickness of a sheet of paper in terms of the wavelength of blue light?
If you were to take the DNA from every cell of an average-sized human body and uncoil it, then how many humans would you need for their DNA to stretch from Neptune to the Sun?
How many joules of energy are contained in a tablespoon of material from a neutron star?
How many laptop computers could you fit side-byside from the surface of the Sun to the surface of the Earth?
Given a car running at highway speeds, how long would it take for it to circle the Earth in hours?
If you ate 10 donuts and 10 hamburgers, how long would it take you to burn the calories by jogging disregarding normal bodily processes (as in, the calories burned come only through jogging) in terms of seconds?
What is 2 to the power of 100?
How many textbooks would fit inside an Olympicsized swimming pool?
What length of time would it take for Usain Bolt do run from Earth to Alpha Centauri given he keeps the same rate throughout in seconds?
How many apples can you fit into a standard trash can (i.e. one you would find on the side of the street)?
If you used a seesaw to compare the weight of an elephant and the Sun, how many elephants would you need to balance the weight of the Sun?
How fast would it take for a photon to travel from the pitcher’s mound to home plate of a normal MLB (Major League Baseball) stadium in seconds?
How long would it take for Amtrak trains to go from San Francisco to New York City assuming no traffic hiccups?
How many total hours of sleep do all college students get in the United States per night combined (i.e. if one student slept 4 hours and another student slept 8 hours, the total would be 12 hours)?
How long in seconds would it take for a snail to cross the Atlantic Ocean?
How much is spent on gasoline for all cars every year?
How many Earths would fit inside the Milky Way Galaxy?
What amount of cellphones put side-to-side would span across the inside of the Sun?
How many adult human teeth can be fitted inside a normal Mason jar?
How many blue whales put side-to-side would be needed to go around the circumference of the Earth?
What number of tuna cans stacked on top of each other would be needed to go from sea level to the top of Mount Everest?
If a pitcher threw an MLB (Major League Baseball)-normal fastball into space, how long would it take for that fastball to go from the Earth to Pluto at Pluto’s farthest distance from the Sun?
How much water is there on the Earth in cubic meters?
How many newspapers would be needed put side-to-side to cover the surface of the Sun?
How many car sunshields going side-to-side would it take to blanket Earth’s atmosphere at a height of 400 kilometers?
If a human and an electron stood on a scale, how many humans would balance out the scale with 1 electron?
How much time would it take for a bullet to travel the distance across the length of the stirrup in seconds?
How many soup cans would be needed when the soup is emptied into the Pacific Ocean to fill the Pacific Ocean?
How many basketballs would be needed to fit inside a cell phone?
How many trumpet cases could fit inside the Empire State Building?
How many sheets of 5 x 11 paper would have to be stacked to reach the mass of the Sun?
What would be the height of this stack, in cm?
25!
What is the diameter of a US penny in femtometers?
How many 2017 Ford F-150s (base MSRP) would you have to sell to pay off the entire US National Debt (as of May 2017, assuming 100% profit, excluding tax)?
How many average human small intestines laid end to end would wrap around the Earth at the Equator? Do not try this at home.
How many mL of water could the world record holder for bench press bench?
How many times is the word Versace said in the full song “Versace” by Migos?
How many dislikes does “Baby” by Justin Bieber have on YouTube?
How many Eiffel Towers deep is the Mariana Trench?
How many atoms are in a mole of atoms?
How many moles of atoms are in a mole of atoms?
How many atoms are in a mole of 011 g pure carbon balls?
How many carbon atoms would equal the mass of an average European mole (the animal)?
How long is an olympic swimming pool in light years?
What is the price of the Louisiana Purchase divided by the price of the International Space Station (not adjusted for inflation)?
How many hours has it been since the first Science Olympiad event was held (as of May 2017)?
18^18
How many 100W light bulbs could the Sun power?
How long, in seconds, would it take the fastest Bugatti Veyron at top speed to travel 10 feet?
How many twinkies would a blue whale have to consume to reach its daily caloric intake?
What is the frequency, in Hz, of the highest note that the flute plays in the classic masterwork “Mask Off” by Future?
What is the radius of a regulation soccer ball in km?
How many human genomes can you store in a 1 Terabyte hard drive?
How attracted are you to your partner (gravitationally, in newtons, assuming you are both 50kg, and are sitting 1m apart)?
How many regulation male water polo balls would fit into the Pacific Ocean?
How long (in seconds) would it take Michael Phelps (at 100m World Record pace) to swim butterfly across a pool stretching from Earth to the Moon?
How many seconds would it take a person typing at 100 words per minute to type the entire Lord of The Rings trilogy?
How many light years long is the Great Wall of China?
How many bones are in the human body?
What was Apple’s total net sales (in dollars) in 2016?
How many consecutive digits of pi have been found (as of May 2017)?
What is the greatest number of people to have ever logged into Facebook in one day?
How many times faster is the speed of light than the speed of sound?
How long (in hours) would it take a garden snail to reach the Sun?
How long is the word “Fermi”?
What page number is Fermi Questions on the rules manual?
How many characters are there in the Fermi Questions rules manual page?
Sum up all the years that Fermi Questions has been run, what is the result?
How many times has the fermi SciOly wiki page been accessed?
For this question, only count everything inside and not including the curly brackets: {# of characters this intentionally sized question?}
I want to make sure fermi is my #1 priority. How many copies of the fermi wiki html page would I need to fill up 512 GB of storage space?
How long in ms would it take to download that amount of data (512 GB)? Assume internet speed is the average WiFi download speed in the US.
Population of the US (#)?
Radius of the Earth (inches)?
Planck time (s)
Cost of the most expensive man-made item ever (1923 German Marks).
Power required to move a mass of a furkin up a distance of a furlong against an uniform gravitational field (10 m/s^2) during the timespan of a fortnight. (Horsepower)
Mass of Sagittarius A* (lunar masses)
Number of times a hare would lap a tortoise on a standard track in 24 hours. Assume sprinting speed and no fatigue. (#)
Volume of every possible (52 card) card deck shuffles in one place (Olympic swimming pools)
How many marbles could you fit in a bowling ball?
How many footsteps does it take to run a marathon?
How many #2 pencils would you need to trace a line across the Great Wall of China?
Equivalent volume of Lake Superior in teaspoons.
The moon is a giant rock, but rocks are boring. How many gallons of milk to make a sphere of cheese (Parmigiano-Reggiano) with equivalent mass as the moon?
How many protons would you need to stack side by side to reach the Andromeda Galaxy?
How many moles of water are in a mol of moles?
Amount of a household's yearly energy consumption that can be covered by 1 photon of 1240 nm wavelength.
34 * 9911 * 432 + 321 * 798 + 632
19876th fibonacci number / 19875th fibonacci number
6 ^ 100
83 ^ 125
42!
600000 th prime number (Try the formula [n ln n] :D)
Sum of the pascal triangle from rows 0 to 999
All answers on this fermi test are between -500 and If you were to randomly guess all 40 questions, what is the probability of scoring a 200?
If you unwound all the DNA in all your cells and used them as data storage, how many times could you store the entire data of the internet?
If you took all the railroad ties off the transcontinental railroad to make a wooden fencepost enclosure with ties being 1 meter apart, what is the maximum size area you could create in m^2?
The highest fps camera ever produced can shoot at 70 trillion fps! If a standard two-bladed helicopter looks stationary when recorded, what would be the linear speed at the tip of each blade in m/s?
If the entire earth was replaced with neutron star core material, how many periods of a standard pendulum clock would be needed to record the entire Cenozoic era?
How many Earths would you need to throw into a rapidly rotating black hole to reach the yearly energy output of the Sun. (Minutephysics reference -> 5 cats to power Norway)
If all 32 chess pieces were arranged randomly on the board, what is the likelihood that they have the correct initial setup? You place the pieces one at a time and cannot place multiple on the same square.
If every pixel of an 8k monitor independently has its own RGB value, how many different possible screen colorings are there? Answer with the Fermi Number of the Fermi Number of the count.
Assume the Earth’s orbit is a perfect circle. If the period of revolution suddenly became the same as the Sun’s period of revolution around the center of the Milky Way, what is the difference in distance in inches between the arc length covered by one second of earth’s new orbit and the average sea level rise in one month?
A long time ago (though not in a galaxy far, far away) dinosaurs roamed the Earth, having first appeared during the Triassic period. How long ago did the Triassic period begin, in microfortnights?
One such dinosaur was the Ferganasaurus verzilini, native to the Fergana valley of Kyrgyzstan. First described in 2003 by palaeontologists Alexander Averianov and Vladimir Alifanov, the species could grow to be up to 15 metric tonnes. How many butter firkins is this, as defined in the Magistrate’s Pocketbook published in London in 1825?
In order to maintain such a large body mass, dinosaurs had to eat a lot. In fact, it’s said that the Tyrannosaurus rex ate up to 140 kilograms worth of food per day. How many cubic furlongs of powdered cement add up to 140 kilograms?
Powdered cement is unfortunately not known as a particularly rich source of nutrition, and cement is probably a food group best avoided altogether. That being said, different foods can have vastly different caloric densities. How many more kilocalories are in 140 kilograms of Walmart Angus beef steak than in 140 kilograms of romaine lettuce?
After eating 140 kilograms of Walmart steak, you may find yourself driving to the ER pretty soon after. How many emergency room visits occur annually in the United States?
Eating that much steak is also likely to lead to significant weight gain, and losing it afterwards could take a while. How many days would it take an average American to lose 140 kg in body mass if they exercise as much as they did before, but reduce their daily caloric intake to 2000 kcal?
One must always be careful while driving, but sometimes crashes aren’t the driver’s fault. One example of this occurred in 1990, when heavy fog caused by the Bowater paper mill led to a 99-car pileup on Interstate 75 in Tennessee, in which 42 people were injured and 12 were killed. How much total compensation did the mill pay out to victims of the tragedy, in Kyrgyzstani soms? (Use the 2024 exchange rate).
Speaking of Kyrgyzstan, the country’s parliament recently passed a law to straighten the previously wavy sun rays on the national flag. The official reason given for this was that the arrangement of the rays on the old flag closely resembles a sunflower, which is said to represent cowardice. How many sunflower seeds would it take to fill up a standard-size 55 gallon steel drum?
Hopping over the border west from Kyrgyzstan, we arrive in Kazakhstan, whose flag coincidentally also contains sun rays! How many more sun rays are there on the Kyrgyz flag than on the Kazakh flag?
Kazakhstan is a diverse state with large numbers of ethnic Kazakhs, Russians, Uzbeks, Ukrainians, Germans and Koreans. In fact, owing to the nation’s sizeable Korean community, the 3rd most common surname there is Kim! How many people with the last name Kim are there in Kazakhstan?
Another Central Asian nation is Tajikistan, which is the second most mountainous country in the world. How many mountains are located in Tajikistan?
The second-tallest mountain in Tajikistan is Lenin Peak, located along the Tajik-Kyrygz border. If x, y and z are the number of Cyrillic characters in the Tajik, Kyrgyz and Russian translations of “Lenin Peak” respectively (excluding spaces), how many digits are in the decimal representation of x^y^z?
North of Central Asia lies the Russian Federation, a country with one of the world’s largest railway networks. How many times more electrified railway track does Russia (the world’s largest country) have than Canada (the world’s second-largest country)?
Besides Canada, another country that significantly needs to upgrade its rail infrastructure is its southern neighbour, the United States. In fact, Caltrain still uses passenger train carriages from the early 1980s built by Japanese rolling stock manufacturer Nippon Sharyo. What is the equivalent energy of one of these Nippon Sharyo gallery cars in British Thermal Units, using mass-energy equivalence?
Wow, that’s a lot of energy. If I were to start a nuclear reaction with a stick of butter-sized block of Uranium-235, how much energy would be released in joules?
If I bought two stick of butter-sized blocks on the day you were born, one of Uranium-235 and one of Cobalt-60, how many more grams of uranium would I have today than cobalt?
How many years worth of calorie consumption does a single stick of butter represent for the combined population of the entire Houston metro area?
In December 2022 a cold freeze swept across Texas (including the Houston metro area), putting significant strain on the state’s water supply systems, and officials in many localities asked residents to stop dripping their faucets. If every household faucet in Texas were to leak at a rate of 1 drop of water per second, what is the mass of all the water that would be wasted annually, in troy ounces?
Besides water, another major problem in the United States is food waste. If I were to take all the food wasted in the United States annually out of the landfill and put it into several Olympic-sized swimming pools, how many pools would it fill up?
How heavy would all this food waste be, in terms of standard Las Vegas tournament poker chips?
At last we find ourselves in Vegas, where a casino blackjack game can use up to 8 decks of cards. How many unique ways are there to shuffle a “superdeck” consisting of 8 standard 52-card decks?
What is the probability that a randomly drawn 5-card ordered sequence from an 8-card superdeck contains my birthday in MMDDYY format, if aces have a face value of 1 and jacks, kings and queens all have a face value of 11? MMDDYY format should be preserved exactly in all valid sequences, including leading zeros.
How many decks of cards do Las Vegas casinos go through every year?
If I were to stack all of the decks from the previous question on top of each other, how many Vujanovi ́cs tall would they be? One Vujanovi ́c is the height of former Montenegrin president Filip Vujanovi ́c. [all the decks = decks of cards do Las Vegas casinos go through every year]
Enrico tried to solve question 24, but he forgot we were talking about decks of cards and not decks of a cruise ship! Assuming he solved question 23 correctly, by what factor would his answer be off, assuming he answered using decimal (not Fermi) answers?
A primorial is defined similarly to a factorial, except for the fact that it only considers primes. In particular, the sequence of primorials 2, 6, 30, 210, ... is defined with the ith element of the sequence, pi#, being the product of the first i prime numbers. For example, p5# = 2 · 3 · 5 · 7 · 11 = Please calculate the value of p1# + p2# + ... + p25#
What is 50! divided by p50#? [For example, p5# = 2 · 3 · 5 · 7 · 11 = 2310 (product of first i prime numbers)]
What is the value of the natural log of the asymptotic growth function of pn# evaluated at n = 10,000,000? [For example, p5# = 2 · 3 · 5 · 7 · 11 = 2310 (product of first i prime numbers)]
I learnt about primorials from the On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences (OEIS). As of January 2024, how many mathematical sequences were included in the OEIS?
The OEIS website is available in several obscure languages, including Albanian and Welsh, which despite being vastly different from each other are both members of the Indo-European language family. How many Indo-European languages are there, according to Ethnologue?
What is the sum of the international country calling (ISD) codes of all UN member states whose list of official languages includes the Indo-European language with the largest number of native speakers, either de facto or de jure?
The Welsh language is famously difficult for its long words and frequent use of consonant clusters, so it’s fitting that Wales is home to Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch, a small village of about 3,000 inhabitants which happens to bear the world record for the longest single-word name of a populated settlement. If x is the number of vowels in the village’s name and y is the number of consonants, please calculate the value of x!y!.
Interestingly, the number of letters in Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch varies depending on which language you consult! PIf x is the number of vowels in the village’s name and y is the number of consonants, please calculate the value of x!y!, using the Welsh reckoning, where digraphs (such as ng and dd) are counted as single letters, and w and y are treated as vowels. As an example, the town of Llanelli has 8 letters in English reckoning, but only 6 in Welsh.
To be honest, I didn’t know about how digraphs are counted in Welsh until I looked up the rules for Welsh orthography. And like most people interested in similarly useless information, I turned to Wikipedia. How many characters (excluding spaces) are there on the English-language Wikipedia page about Wikipedia?
Wikipedia is free to use for everyone, but if you’ve spent much time on the site at all you’ve probably been shown a pop-up message asking you to donate $3 to help the site keep up with maintainence costs. What were Wikipedia’s total operating expenses for the fiscal year 2022-23? (yes I looked this statistic up on Wikipedia :)).
In the past year, many people have switched away from searching Wikipedia or the web to asking ChatGPT whenever they have a question. How many monthly active users does ChatGPT have?
ChatGPT has gotten a lot more accurate since its release, especially since GPT4 has come out. Among other benchmarks, developers at OpenAI tested the model’s ability to answer questions on the Law School Admission Test (LSAT). If Kostya cheated on the LSAT by feeding all of the questions into GPT4, how many students from the 2022-23 exam cycle would he score better than?
Tadashi also decided to cheat on the LSAT, but he wasn’t willing to pay the $20 monthly subscription fee for ChatGPT Plus, so he just fed the questions into the free version (GPT5) instead. How many examinees from the previous problem would score better than Tadashi but worse than Kostya? [Kostya cheated on the LSAT by feeding all of the questions into GPT4]
The choices of character names in the previous two questions may seem random, but they’re actually fairly common names in their respective countries of origin: Russia and Japan. How many ethnic Japanese live in Russia?
Everything in Russia is written in the Cyrillic script, including words and names of Japanese origin, which means they must be transliterated. A common method of transcribing the Japanese language into Cyrillic is the Polivanov system, which was developed in How many fewer characters are there in the original Japanese text of Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) than in its Polivanov-based Cyrillic transcription, including spaces?
The UDHR is commonly used to compare text across languages due to its having been so widely translated and disseminated. In fact, it set a Guinness World Record in 1999 for being the most widely translated document in the world. If x represents the median length of a word in the Greenlandic- language text of the UDHR (rounded to the nearest integer), and y represents the number of characters in the Greenlandic translation of the words “Universal Declaration of Human Rights” (excluding spaces), what is x^y?
I wanted to check how similar the Greenlandic version of the UDHR is to the original French, but unfortunately Greenlandic isn’t supported on Google translate! I guess I’ll just have to find a Greenlandic speaker myself. If I were to pick ten people at random from the world population, what’s the probability that at least three of them would be able to speak Greenlandic? Assume that every human on Earth has an equal chance of being selected, regardless of ethnicity or geographic location.
My quest to find a Greenlander is likely to meet with widely varying success rates depending on where I search. How many times more likely am I to find an ethnic Greenlander in Denmark (excluding the Farøe Islands and Greenland) than in the United States, if my search consists of picking three people at random in each country and asking them where they’re from?
One of the largest sectors of the Greenlandic economy is fishing and whaling. Another major fish-loving nation is Japan, the birthplace of sushi. As it turns out, however, raw salmon was never consumed in Japan until extensive marketing by the Norwegian government in the 1990s! What is the total value of annual Norwegian fish and seafood exports to Japan, in yen?
Congrats, you’ve almost made it to the end! Many of these questions were difficult, so I’ll give you an easy one. For this question, simply answer with your team number.
It’s question 46 and I just realised I haven’t asked you guys anything about Stanford yet! How many pipe organs are there in Stanford’s Memorial Church, located on Main Quad?
Stanford has a long-standing football rivalry with UC Berkeley, a big part of which is the annual Big Game held every autumn. How many total points have Stanford scored against Cal across every Big Game played since its inaugural match in 1892?
How many patient beds are there at Lucile Packard Children’s Hospital, which is part of the Stanford University Health system and consistently ranks as one of the top paediatric hospitals in the country?
A time-honoured (but illegal) pastime among some Stanford students is exploring the labyrinthine network of steam tunnels that run below campus, carrying steam and water to heat the buildings on main quad, including the one we’re in right now. These tunnels were first built in the 19th century, and entrances to them are scattered throughout campus. Though the exact length of the network has never been officially disclosed to the public, we now have some fairly consistent estimates thanks to meticulous clandestine exploration and mapping by students over the decades. How many parsecs long is Stanford’s steam tunnel network estimated to be?
We’re almost done, so it’s time for some mind games :). What is the most common answer to this question? (The correct answer will be the mode of all teams’ responses).
How many grains of sand are on Earth?
How many leaves do all of the trees in the amazon rainforest have?
What is the circumference of the Earth in centimeters?
How many seconds have passed since Science Olympiad was founded in 1984 to 2023?
30^13?
What is the average lifespan of a person in the United States in milliseconds?
How many loaves of bread are sold per day?
How many letters does the declaration of independence have?
How many cows would you need to stack up to be as tall as the Eiffel Tower?
How many gummy bears would fit inside of the Empire State Building?
How many MnMs would fit inside the sun?
How tall is Shrek in millimeters?
How many people in the U.S are named Mike?
What is the height of this sheet of paper in miles?
How many fingers does the average person have?
How tall, in kilometers, would all the snickers bars made in a day be if they were stacked up?
How many letters is the longest word in the English dictionary?
How many sticky notes would you need to stack up in a pile to be as tall as Uchicago’s Rockefeller Chapel (207 feet)?
How many grains of sugar are in a regular 12oz Coke can?
How many feet do all the people in the world have combined?
How many cigarette butts are thrown out each year?
How many times would you have to empty a 20oz water bottle to fill up an empty Lake Michigan?
How many seconds are the Marvel movies combined, going from Iron Man 1 to Avengers: Endgame?
How much time do you have to complete this test in years?
Assuming a snail moves 28 feet per hour, how many hours would it take for a snail to go from Los Angeles to New York City and back?
How many Oreos would it take to cover the surface of Texas (assuming Texas is just flat land)
How many hairs does an average adult male have on their entire body?
On September 25, 2022, Eliud Kipchoge set the world record for the fastest marathon ever ran at 2:01: How many times did he blink during his run?
How many pennies are thrown into “It’s a Small World” at Disneyland every year (only Disneyland)
How many letters (excluding spaces) are in Stephen King’s novel, IT?
How many popsicle sticks would you need to recreate a life-size replica of the Leaning Tower of Pisa?
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?
How many seconds would it take to walk to the moon?
How many times does an average American say “potato” in their lifetime?
When you shuffle a deck of cards, probably, the world has never seen that combination before. How many possible different arrangements of a deck of 52 cards are there?
If you started at exactly midnight on December 25th, how many times could you listen to Mariah Carey’s “All I Want for Christmas is You” before Christmas day the next year?
How many square inches is Russia?
How many grains of salt are in a 3lb Kosher salt box?
How many red blood cells are in the human body?
How many high school football players are there? (in the US only)
Shaquille O’Neal is a powerful dude. How many rims did he damage during his career in the NBA?
How many locks are on the Lock Bridge (the Pont des Arts) in Paris?
How many ounces does a typical cumulus cloud weigh?
What is the total pixel count on an average HD (1080p) flat-screen TV?
How many teeth do hippos have?
If you were to level the entire Amazon rainforest (6 million mi^2) and turn all the trees into paper, how many 100-page notebooks (college-ruled, of course) could you give to each student at UChicago (only the undergrads)?
About how many videos are on YouTube?
How many students could you actually fit into a classroom (if they were stacked on top of each other and really packed in there)?
If everyone in the world stood as close to each other as possible, how many square meters of ground would we cover? (hint: the world population just hit 8 billion as of November 2022!)
How many Bic ballpoint pens would it take to draw a to-scale 2-D replica of a commercial airplane? (think: Boeing 737)
How many words are there total on this test?
How many total users does Facebook have?
How many total users does Instagram have?
What is the total number of people who have ever served in the Senate?
What is the total number of people who have ever served in the House of Representatives?
1234^5
How many seconds will pass between noon today (1/13/18) and noon on the date of the state competition (3/24/18)?
How many grains of sand would it take to fill the Empire State Building?
How many unit barrels of water would it take to fill Ben Hill Griffin Stadium?
How many GameCubes stacked on top one another would it take to reach the height of Mt. Everest?
How many hair follicles are there on the world’s population? Assume humans only have hair follicles on their heads.
How many dry grains of white long grain rice would it take to cover the ground of the gardens that contain the Taj Mahal?
How much do the tacos that were consumed in the United States during the year 2016 weigh in slugs? Slugs are a unit of weight.
How many fortnights would it take to traverse the length of a grain of rice, longwise, travelling at the speed of light?
How much longer, in jubilees, would it take a zebra to circle the globe, along the equator, than it would for a cheetah? Assume that zebras and cheetahs both can run across water, and that they run continuously.
How much does a toenail grow per Svedberg in furlongs?
How many standard-sized credit cards would fit in all of the oceans on Earth?
How many golf balls fit in the 3rd largest planet that NASA has found to date?
How many fast food restaurants are open in the United States right now?
How many fast food restaurants are open in the world right now?
How many cubic millimeters of liquid could fit in an average sized 6’1” man?
How many pennies would you have to melt to have enough material to make Iron man’s suit?
How many angstroms are there between the center of South Africa and the center of Australia?
How many passengers passed through Miami International Airport in 2012?
How many gallons of Walmart Brand milk could Matt Leblanc buy using only his salary from filming season 7 of Friends?
How many Maserati Quattroportes would be equivalent in weight to the largest airplane ever made?
How many CDs would you have to line edge to edge to equal the length of the Golden Gate bridge ?
3^20
How many square parsecs are there in one square lightyear?
What is the mass of the sun in units of King Size Hershey Bars?
How wide is this paper in Scandinavian miles?
How many blades of grass are there on a standard sized football field?
If you have 150 randomly selected people in a room, what’s the probability that they all have different birthdays?
If you have 75 randomly selected people in a room, what’s the probability that they all have different birthdays?
How many people would you need in a room to have a 50% chance that two of them share a birthday?
If the spelling in Webster’s Third New International Dictionary, published in 1961, was only 99% correct, how many misspelled words would there be?
If you had invested $365 into bitcoin on January 1st 2011, how much money would your investment be worth if you sold on Thanksgiving of this past year?
How many ways are there to shuffle a deck of cards?
As of 2010, how many car tires are there on the globe? Only include those that are currently attached to cars.
What is Google’s daily ad revenue?
How many total lines are there in a college ruled 5 subject notebook?
How many ants are there on earth?
How many atoms, of the diameter of an average plutonium, would it take, lined end to end, to cover the length of a marathon?
If a computer counted up starting at 0 for one day at a rate of 1 number per likshaka, a hindu unit of time, what would the final number it reached be?
How many seconds are there in a fortnight on Pluto?
How many hours would it take Usain bolt to run the length of Earth’s orbit if he ran at full speed the entire time?
How many hours would it take the world’s fastest plane?
How many iPhone X’s would it take to equal the volume of Neptune?
How many iPhone X’s would it take to equal the weight of Neptune?
What percent of America’s male population would it take to lift the Eiffel Tower to hip height assuming space for people lifting is not an issue?
If you spill a full 20 fluid oz water bottle into the ocean. What will the percent increase in water of the Ocean?
What is the mass of the Sun in micrograms?
If you earned a penny for every 10 steps you walk, how much money will you earn by the time you are 40 years old?
If you start with 500g of Pb-210, how much will be left after 1000 years of decay?
How many words are in the total number of copies of the Bible ever sold assuming every Bible was the King James version?
If you stack adult humans on top of one of another, how many will it take to reach the moon?
What is the smallest number of playing cards that can be used to trace the entire equator once when you are lining them up flat on the ground?
How many molecules of water are in the Great Lakes?
What is the mass of 1 atom of Nitrogen in kg?
What is the speed of light in inches per hour?
If you melted golf balls down, how many golf balls would it take to create an object the size of Pluto?
How many sheets of paper would it take to get to the sun if you stacked them on top of each other?
How fast does Earth orbit the Sun in feet per second?
How many children are born while you are reading this sentence?
How many nanoseconds of content is uploaded to Youtube everyday?
How many nanometers are in a Parsec?
What is the greatest number of baseballs you could fit on a Football field without stacking?
On average, how many cells are in the human body?
How many gallons of freshwater are there on Earth?
How many full size computer keyboards would it take to match every key from every keyboard to a key for every house in the US?
How many hydrogen atoms would be in a sphere of water the size of the moon?
How many standard water bottles’ worth of liquid would it take to fill up Lake Mead to full capacity?
20 * 69!
What would be the mass of a planet, in Daltons, the same size as Earth which generates 4g of gravity?
How many M&M’s would it take to recoup the cumulative energy used by all the marathon runners in this year’s Boston marathon?
How much dissolved oxygen, in nanograms, is present in enough tap water to cover Manhattan 1 meter deep?
How many red blood cells would fit inside the Sun?
Recall that an electron needs energy to move from one energy level to another in an atom. How many leaps from the ground state to the first excited state of an electron in a neutral hydrogen atom could be powered by the energy usage of an average US household?
How many centaurs would span the distance from Earth to Proxima Centauri, assuming that centaurs would be the same size as a horse?
How many seconds apart were the completion of the Pyramid of Giza and the Colosseum?
How long, in decades, would it take for light to complete the famous Cannonball Run challenge (Red Ball Garage in NY to Portofino Hotel in LA)?
What is the major axis diameter of Neptune’s orbit in picas?
How many Interstate highway dashed lines would it take to connect K2 to Mauna Kea?
How many individual doses of the COVID-19 booster vaccine would be needed to create a column of liquid that is 5 m in diameter to the ISS?
How long is the longest aircraft carrier in buckyballs (buckminsterfullerene)?
How many wavelengths of violet visible light exist between the Sun and Neptune, at their average distance apart?
If all corn produced yearly worldwide were distributed equally to all the blue whales on Earth, how much would each blue whale weigh, in lb, carrying their assigned amount of corn?
How long, in Planck time, would it take to move across the length of the universe at the speed of light?
How many centuries would it take for Usain Bolt to run a light-second while running at his 100m world record pace?
If everyone in the world were to stand side-by-side (shoulder to shoulder with no gaps) to form a circle, what would be the diameter of the circle, in human hairs?
How many leagues under the sea is the center of the Earth?
How heavy is the combined weight of the UGA football team, in cricket balls?
How many houseflies’ worth of lift would you need to lift a school bus?
How much paraffin wax, in oz, would be needed to power a hot air balloon for a week (ignore the energy needed to carry the weight of the wax itself)?
What was the population of Ghana in 1950?
How many books were sold in the U.S. in 2021?
How many photos are stored in the camera rolls of all iOS devices around the world?
How many flights by major U.S. carriers were canceled in 2021? TB5
How many gallons of water are used for showering in the United States each year?
How many motor vehicle crash deaths have there been in the last 5 years?
How many sheets of paper are used in US schools each year?
How many tons of food waste is generated in Singapore each year?
Assuming minimal light pollution, how many stars can you see in the night sky?
What is the ratio of the atmosphere’s mass to the Earth’s mass?
How many days does it take oysters in the Chesapeake Bay to filter the entire water volume of the bay?
How many Mercurys could fit inside Jupiter?
What is the total weight, in pounds, of caribou in Alaska?
At top speed, how many times would a hummingbird’s wings beat while flying 30 miles? TB4
How many dogs are there in the world?
How many miles will an Arctic Tern fly in its lifetime?
In 2022, what was the underwear market revenue in the US in dollars?
What is the median lifetime earnings, in dollars, for an American?
In 2022, how many U.S. merger and acquisition transactions were valued at more than one billion dollars?
How much profit per year, in dollars, do the Fortune 500 companies make combined?
How many more smartphones were sold in 2021 than 2020?
In California, how many target stores are there per person? TB3
In 2021, how many millionaires were there in Germany?
In 2021, what was the ratio of Cambodia’s GDP per capita to the U.S.’s GDP per capita?
On average, how many kilowatt-hours will a residential solar panel produce per month?
How much energy, in joules, would it take to convert 10 grams of water to 10 grams of steam at 100 degrees Celsius?
How many U.S. homes can an average wind turbine power?
How much energy, in joules, would it take to raise the atmosphere’s temperature by one-degree Celsius? TB2
How much energy, in kWh, does the average Canadian household use per year?
How many calories does your brain consume per day?
How much energy, in joules, would it take to bring an average person to 1% the speed of light?
Suppose we were able to capture all the sun’s energy reaching the Earth’s surface. What is the ratio of that energy to global energy consumption?
If Jerry flips a hundred fair coins, what is the percentage chance that at least 85 of the coins end up as heads?
Jalal flips an unfair coin (heads 3 10 of the time and tails 7 10 of the time) 50 times and calls it an experiment. On average, how many experiments will Jalal have to conduct until he flips at least 48 tails? TB1
How many prime numbers are there that are less than 1,000,000?
How many elements are in the power set of set S, where S consists of the integers from 1 to 1000?
How many possible five-card hands can you deal with a standard 52-card deck?
If you rolled ten twenty-sided dice, what percent of the time would you roll a total of 18?
What is the hundredth Fibonacci number? (Consider the first to be 0 and the second to be 1).
What is the volume of an icosahedron with side length 10,000?
How many events are held in a typical Division C Science Olympiad competition?
As of 2017, how many minutes of movie has Steven Spielberg directed?
Assume that in a game of Rock-Paper-Scissors, the hands played by both participants are chosen completely randomly with an equal chance of choosing Rock, Paper, or Scissors. If the two choose the same hand, they do another round. What is the probability the two play the same hand exactly 72 times before finally declaring a winner? Note: a probability of ½ can be written as 5
What is the pH of rain?
What is the net worth of Apple, Inc., in Mexican pesos?
How many standard packs of Bicycle playing cards would it take to completely cover Jupiter?
What is the surface area of an iPhone 7, in hectares?
How many human skin cells, laid end to end, would it take to reach from here to the Science Olympiad National Tournament in Fort Collins, Colorado?
What is the overall product of the lengths of the first names of everyone who is taking Fermi at this competition? (For example, if Bob, Mary, and Joseph are the only ones competing in Fermi, the answer would be 3 x 4 x 6 = 72 ⇒ 2) Please note that I will be using the names written on the front pages of these tests to calculate the answer to this question.
26
How many full rolls of toilet paper could fit inside the White House?
What is the mass of a mole (unit) of moles (animal), in ounces?
What is the density of four-year colleges in the United States, per square meter?
If the population of Michigan were to continue growing at its current growth rate for eternity, how many years from now would it take for its population to reach the current population of the world?
What is the perimeter of Manhattan, in terms of the wavelength of red light?
How many credit cards would fit in the Earth’s stratosphere?
A sample of pure iridium weighs as much as a loaf of bread. How many atoms of iridium are in the sample?
At what speed would a standard brick have to travel in order to have the same kinetic energy as a Ping-Pong ball travelling at a cheetah’s top speed? Give your answer in km/hr.
What is the file size of the original Pokémon Red, in terms of the file size of the total article text of the English Wikipedia?
On average, how many times has Luis Fonsi’s Despacito been watched on YouTube per day since it was uploaded?
What is the diameter of an electron, in light years?
How many March Madness brackets would each member of the US Congress have to fill out in order to guarantee that someone has a perfect bracket? You can assume that each member of Congress fills out the same number of brackets and that all filled-out brackets are unique.
If every person who ever lived crowded together in one spot, how much area would be covered, in terms of the area of Rhode Island?
How many individual fries does McDonald’s sell every year?
How many pennies would it take to create a walkable bridge from Boston, MA to Portugal, assuming that pennies sink (and that you therefore must stack pennies from the bottom of the ocean floor)?
How many more square centimeters is the area of the earth in the flat earth model, compared to the area of the earth in real life? Useful note: The most common flat earth model represents the earth as a disk, with the North Pole at the center and the “South Pole” at the edge.
How many exa-newtons of force does the Earth’s gravitational field apply on a single grain of rice located on the surface of the Moon?
You are in space and are unaffected by gravity (yes you are still breathing, don’t ask how). You want to get from the Sun to the next closest star, so you throw your shoe in the correct direction. How many minutes would it take for you to get there?
How many times does the string “cell” appear in Campbell’s Biology, 9th edition? (Note: any word that contains “cell”, such as “intracellular” or “cellulose”, would count)
How many terabytes is this test, when converted to PDF format?
How many standard AAA batteries would it take to equal the total installed wind energy capacity of the world?
How many cells are in the typical human body?
If you took the hair from the heads of every student enrolled at the University of Michigan, how many pounds of hair would you have?
An average-sized blue whale is actually a mutant - it can stay suspended in pure helium without sinking or rising. What is its mass, in solar masses?
How many results turn up when “University of Michigan Science Olympiad” is Googled?
What is the area of a football field including end zones in square feet?
How many cans of pop and beer are consumed each year in the world?
On the social media platform Snapchat, on average, how many daily active users are there?
On Valentine’s Day, how much money is spent on chocolate and candy worldwide in U.S. dollars?
How much added sugar does the average American consume in a year in units of the weight of a proton?
What is the capacity of the University of Michigan Big House in people?
What is 8^-24?
If professional bowler stood on one end of The Great Wall of China and rolled a bowling ball down the stretch of the wall at the average speed, how long would it take for the bowling ball to reach the opposite end in minutes, assuming the Great Wall of China is flat and straight along the top and the ball rolls straight at a constant speed?
How long is a Barilla spaghetti noodle in carbon molecules?
How long would it take to grow a human fingernail that reaches from the Earth to the Sun in years if it didn’t bend?
On average, how much iron is in the adult human bloodstream in grams?
How many Costcos were there worldwide in 2017?
What is the mass of Mars in terms of regular sized Mars Bars?
On average, how many cookies are baked in the University of Michigan dining halls in one week?
How tall is Elizabeth Tower (the Tower that holds Big Ben) in units of red light wavelengths?
How long would it take in hours for the Japan Shinkansen bullet train to travel the distance between Earth and Earth’s closest star other than the Sun?
How many word entries are found in in The Oxford English Dictionary, Second Edition?
On average, how much time will an American spend in his/her lifetime sleeping in minutes?
How long would it take a wolverine to run around the circumference of the Earth in seconds?
What is the smallest spatial resolution able to be seen by a scanning electron microscope in meters?
How much does the average cumulus cloud weigh in kips (K)?
How many bones are in the human body?
How much money did the movie Crazy Rich Asians earn from the box office worldwide during its opening weekend in Singapore dollars?
What is the total number of electrons found in 64g of methane gas?
It would take the calories from how many Starbucks’s Grande Pumpkin Spice Lattes as an energy source for you to have enough energy to raise the temperature of Lake Huron by 1 °C? (Assume the water is pure water)
In 2017, what was Facebook’s total electricity use in its data centers and offices in megawatt hours (MWh)?
How long in minutes would it take the average person to type out the entire script to The Bee Movie assuming they never mess up?
If you were to type out the entire human genome onto paper, how many copies of the Harry Potter series would it take up?
Not including advertisements, how many words are printed in the average print edition of The New York Times?
How many Pyrex 1000 ml beakers would you need to stack on top of each other and side by side to create a bridge one beaker wide that extends from the bottom of the ocean to the ocean surface from Boston, Massachusetts to Lisbon, Portugal, in a straight line assuming the ocean floor is a constant depth?
During the 2019 Super Bowl, how many seconds were spent by consumers watching Super Bowl ads on YouTube?
Since the beginning of the American Music Awards, of all of the “Artist of the Year” winners, how many times has the letter “A” appeared (First and Last Names both count)? Example: Camila Cabello has the letter “A” 3 times.
How long would it take, in hours, to drive to Jupiter assuming it was a straight path and the person never had to stop in hours?
How many registered student organizations are on the University of Michigan- Ann Arbor campus?
How much would it cost in US dollars to treat someone with Zynteglo, an FDA approved gene therapy drug to treat beta thalassemia?
How many times was COVID, COVID-19, or coronavirus mentioned in 2022 on Reddit?
How many rolls of toilet paper would fit inside Buckingham Palace assuming Buckingham Palace were a box and the toilet paper left no gaps between rolls (the tube hole still exists)?
What is the number of oxygen atoms in the carbonation of a can of Coca-Cola?
How much caffeine does the average college student consume per day in picograms?
If I search “foreign” in PubMed, a medical journal database, how many results show up?
If I planted an avocado pit and tended to it, assuming it could grow infinitely large, how long would it take to grow to the height of the General Sherman Tree in days?
During an Ironman marathon, the average male marathoner burns how many calories in terms of the number of avocado toast servings?
If all students on UM’s Ann Arbor campus shouted, how loud would the sound be equivalent to the sound produced in decibels?
How long, in seconds, would it take a golf ball hit by a professional golfer with a five-iron on average to travel the Nile River assuming it was a straight path and the golf ball traveled straight along the path?
In 2019, how many passengers went through Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport (DTW)?
If Oscars were made of solid gold and all of the Oscars ever awarded were melted, how much in value would it be in US dollars?
If I collected all of the Classic Monopoly games made from 2008 to 2015, how many Monopoly dollars would I have?
How many 13-in MacBook Pros would it take to weigh the same amount as a USPS delivery van?
How many new pieces of malware are detected each day all over the world?
How many different species of frogs are known to live in the Amazon rainforest?
How many pounds of fireworks are purchased each year by the general public (not for professional shows)?
In the 2022 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games, how many medals were awarded?
Given a loaf of white Wonder Bread, how many carbon atoms make up the sugar content assuming all of the sugars are glucose?
What is the mass of everything in the asteroid belt in kilograms?
Assuming the Great Pacific Garbage Patch was made out of recyclable plastic and diverted to U.S. recycling facilities, how much of that plastic would end up in landfills in pounds?
Assuming an adult Black Iberian Pig was made of pure Plutonium-239, how long would it take to decompose naturally with its half life to the mass of an American penny in years?
In the first 24 hours of release, how many streams did Taylor Swift’s album “Midnights” get worldwide?
How many physical Christmas holiday cards are sent annually across the world?
How many rotisserie chickens did Costco sell in 2021?
An iPhone 6 is able to perform how many computer instructions per second?
If you had a stack of all the gold bars in Fort Knox, how high would it be, as a multiple of the distance that Voyager 1 has traveled?
How many potassium atoms/ions are contained in the world’s annual banana production?
How many times would you have to flush the toilet in your average suburban American home, in order to flush enough water to fill Lake Baikal?
A mole of moles weighs as much as how many grains of rice?
How high (in furlongs) would a stack of a googol sheets of saran wrap be?
Yo mamma so fat, she took all the Big Macs sold in the US last year and gobbled ’em right up! How many pounds of fat are in yo mamma now? Assume that yo mama ain’t burning any o’ those calories, cuz ain’t nobody got time for that!
Calculate the number of years of (in-state) tuition at UT that Equifax’s annual revenue could pay for.
What fraction of the photons in the observable universe are emitted by a 1 W light bulb in a minute?
How many dishwashers could be powered for a decade, by all the electricity the Three Gorges Dam generated last year?
How intense is the air pressure in a car tire compared to the radiation pressure generated right after ignition of the primary stage in a hydrogen bomb?
How many F-35 Lightning IIs could an average American worker buy with a minute’s wage?
For how many planck times was the comic strip Calvin and Hobbes officially in newspapers (up until the last new strip’s publication)?
Bill Gates could fully fund how many construction projects to renovate Speedway Mall at UT?
If you stacked all the iPhones ever sold on top of each other (flat side up, duh), how tall would that stack be in terms of Burj Khalifas?
Give the number of hairs on the average Labrador retriever, as a multiple of the number of joules consumed by pressing a single key on a typical laptop keyboard.
How many electrons are in a typical human body?
How many cubic yottameters of natural gas will an average American use in a lifetime?
How many blades of grass (yes, fake turf counts) are on your average football field? Exclude the end zones.
Yo mamma not only fat, she so fat that she is seriously concerned about her health and well-being. How many hours would she have to run in order to burn off all those delicious Big Macs from question 6?
If all the mobile phones ever sold were represented by grains of sand (one grain per phone), how many 1-gallon milk jugs would those grains fill?
How many teaspoons would it take to hold the water in all the world’s oceans?
How many Olympic-sized swimming pools could you fill with the water from a shower lasting one galactic year?
How many National Merit semifinalists has Texas produced since 2000?
How many Svedbergs would it take you to memorize the definition of every word in the full Webster’s Third New International dictionary, assuming that you’re super dumb and took an average of a fortnight to memorize each word?
Perform the extremely complex mathematical operation 1 +  Calculate the answer in base .
What was the cost (in 2018 USD) of all the energy UT Austin has used since 2010?
If you had enough large 18-inch delicious pepperoni pizzas to cover Green- land completely, how much human bodies’ worth of calcium would be in those pizzas?
How many astronomical units would a stack of pennies reach if its monetary value represented the value of all the gold in the US Federal Reserve Bank of New York?
How long, in days, would it take a SR-71 Blackbird (traveling at constant top speed) to travel from Earth to the center of the Milky Way?
How many miles do Austin drivers collectively drive each day?
How many pieces of avocado toast could millenials buy with the money consumers have spent on Minecraft?
How many pollen grains would it take to build a scale model of Mount Everest? (assume the pollen grains are packed together as tightly as possible)
Calculate the escape velocity of the Sun, in miles per hour.
If you drop this test onto the ground (assuming none of the pages are separated and the test is not crumbled up), how far in meters will the center of Earth move up towards it?
What fraction of Earth’s total recorded seismic energy release occurred in 1960?
How many Hot WheelsTMare sold in Austin every day?
A mole of piano tuners will reasonably serve how big of a population (that is identical to Earth’s current demographics and culture)?
How fast, in meters per second, would you have to fire one neutron at this test in order to singlehandedly(singleparticledly?) set it all on fire?
How many islands are in Scandinavia?
What is the value (2018 USD) of all the printer ink in the world?
How many pounds of human hair grow each year?
How many gluons are in Earth?
In an average year, how many neutrinos pass through UT students?
How many dryers could an ant power?
At the awards ceremony of this event, for how long (in minutes) would everyone need to continuously clap in order to collectively generate the energy output of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake? (M W = 3)
How many Lake Eries would it take to hold a pile of every credit and debit card in the world?
How many ATP molecules would you hydrolyze walking to the top of the Burj Khalifa?
How many years will it take for you to walk up to turn this test in? (Answer while sitting in your seats please I know what you’re thinking)
What is the probability of winning an expert-difficulty game of minesweeper by randomly clicking?
Consider a hydrogen atom in this room, with a single electron permanently occupying its 1s shell. What is the probability of finding that electron on the moon?
The volume of the Earth, in cubic millimeters.
The pH of water.
The volume of all landmass above sea level in gallons.
Number of $100 bills currently in circulation worldwide.
The melting point of helium, in Kelvin.
The mass of almonds produced in the US during the most recent growing season, in solar masses.
The density of a cloud in grams per liter.
The number of hydrogen atoms in the sun.
The number of people killed by lightning strikes across all of history.
The proportion of tin in bronze.
The great circle distance between Miami and Seattle, measured in standard unsharpened pencils.
The age of the oldest living single (i.e. non- clonal) tree in months.
Average annual household electricity consumption, in kilowatt-hours.
The midpoint cross-sectional area of the observable universe in acres.
The weight of the Great Pyramid of Giza, in pounds.
The wavelength of the lowest-pitched audible sounds to humans in room-temperature sea- level air, measured in furlongs.
Total hours of television watched in the US every day.
The number of grains of sand on Earth divided by the number of stars in the Milky Way.
The total mass of all DNA in every living human in kilograms.
The thickness of a typical sheet of printer paper in standard human hair widths.
Total annual expenditures of every government in the world in 2019 in dollars.
The temperature of the core of the Sun in Kelvin.
The total length of all US interstate highways in feet.
The net weight of ashfall produced by the 1980 Mount St. Helens eruption, in pounds.
The average molecular speed of room temperature air, in miles per hour.
Annual worldwide iron production divided by annual worldwide gold production, by mass.
The total volume of precipitation that falls in the US in an average year, in pints.
The volume of the Cullinan Diamond (the largest discovered uncut gem-quality diamond) in units of the volume of an Olympic swimming pool.
The total surface area of all rivers in the world in square meters.
The number of shipping containers that could be filled using all of the ice in the world.
Low-end voltages for long-distance electric power transmission lines.
The weight of all neckties produced each year in the US in pounds.
The number of adults standing shoulder to shoulder that could fit on Taiwan, assuming flat ground.
The force needed to rupture a watermelon in compression, in Newtons.
The number of unique issues of American comics ever published.
The number of different items sold on Amazon.
The total storage capacity of all storage media in the world in bits.
Total land area of farmland in the world, in square miles.
Total transistors produced throughout history.
Total mass of ants in the world in metric tons.
(T) The lifetime, in years, of a 100-kg black hole.
The number of possible ways to arrange 118 people in a circle.
The Lorentz factor of a particle moving at .999999999999999999c (or (1 − 10^−18)c).
The mass of an E. coli cell divided by the mass of Pando, the world’s largest organism.
The height of all U.S. currency notes in circu- lation stacked on top of each other, expressed in Planck lengths.
The weight, in metric tons, of all the Big Macs sold by McDonald’s in the U.S. (at the cur- rent rate) from now until the next perihelion of comet Hale–Bopp.
The number of colossal squid eyeballs that could be closest-packed into the observable uni- verse.
The energy, in gigajoules, consumed by burn- ing all the fuel contained in a filled tank of an Airbus A
The first Fibonacci number Fn for which Fn/Fn−1 is within 10−9% of the golden ratio, φ.
The number of characters across all printed copies of the Bible.
(T) The time, in minutes, you could survive if you were to take all the body fat from the 8× Mr. Olympia Lee Haney and use that as a food source, assuming you die as soon as you run out of food.
The number of times you could circle the Earth using every water molecule in a cup of water stacked side-by-side.
The number of barns (unit of area) you could fit on a small family barnyard in the 19th cen- tury.
The duration, in microseconds, of the laser pulse from the experiment described in the recently-awarded 2023 Nobel Prize in Physics.
The number of back-to-back laser pulses from the Nobel Prize experiment you could set off in the duration it takes a person to finish this test (use the time limit of the test).
The number of Earths you could destroy from the energy released by a Type Ia supernova.
The number of bags of Lay’s that were sold in
The volume, in milliliters, of a family-sized bag of Lay’s filled with air.
The volume of air, in cubic meters, in all the bags of Lay’s sold in 2023, assuming they’re all family-sized.
The weight of an ant expressed as a percentage of the weight of a human.
Calculate summation from n = 1 to 100 of n^999
(T) The number of times by which Fermi was off when he initially calculated the energy of the atomic bomb from the Trinity Test.
The amount, in Japanese Yen (using the ex- change rate of October 2023), grossed by Bar- bie and Oppenheimer in their opening week- ends.
The weight, in Troy ounces, of all the gold in the oceans.
The number of smartphones you could make with the gold from Question 24, assuming all the other necessary elements are already present.
The number of transistors in an Apple M2 Ul- tra chip.
The kinetic energy, in joules, of the average hy- drogen molecule in this room.
The force of the Moon on the Earth in meganewtons.
The force of the Earth on the Moon in newtons.
The number of IB students that got a 7 in HL Physics on the May 2023 examination around the world.
2023^23
The number of Mercury (Hg) atoms (as a liq- uid) that could fill Lake Baikal.
The absolute difference in the number of base pairs in a male and female (human) diploid karyotype.
(T) The molar solubility, in M, of Ag2C2O4 (silver oxalate) in a sufficiently strong buffer with pH =
The number of hours of Instagram reels watched across the world per day.
The number of papers published to arXiv as of October
The sound intensity of a sperm whale’s click, in W/m^2 .
The diameter of a quantum dot that emits blue light, in nanometers.
The energy needed to excite an electron of the monoelectronic U91+ ion from n = 1 to n = 2, in Hartrees.
The number of grams of Hope Diamond–priced material necessary to repay the U.S. govern- ment’s debt as of October
The cups of rice that you could cook if you harnessed the energy of the biggest earthquake ever recorded.
(T) The sum of elements along the main diag- onal of the following matrix power: [[2 1], [1 2]]^23
The number of well-crushed 12 oz. soda cans you could fit in the average double room at UT’s residence halls.
The number of sugarcane-powered cars that could drive the distance from the Earth to the Sun fueled by the sugarcane produced across the world in one year. Assume the car gets as much energy from the sugarcane as a human would from eating it.
The number of times you would “watch” the recent Five Nights at Freddy’s from start to finish over your lifetime (assuming you have an average lifespan), if it played every time you blinked and paused every time you opened your eyes.
How many UT undergraduate students are there?
How many total UT students are there?
If a random team of 10 undergraduates from UT research secretly created a bioweapon, what is the probability that one of your proctors (who is a random undergrad at UT) is one of those 10 researchers?
If they were to accidentally let the virus breach containment and it killed 90% of the world’s population, how many people will be left at the end?
What is the probability that everyone in a family of 4 survives the virus?
Assuming that the evildoer does not get arrested along the way, how long– in seconds– would it take for them to escape to the Mexican border if they walked the entire way?
Oh no! They were captured by the US military along the border. Assuming standard issue rifles, how long would the evildoer have, in seconds, to dodge a bullet from 100 meters away?
If we were to purchase every person in greater Austin a McFlurry (regular size), how much would it cost in New Taiwan Dollars?
Downscaling the population above to only regional competitors, how much would it cost to buy all of them a McFlurry (regular size) in Ukrainian dollars?
As a ratio, how much can the amount from the previous question make up for UT’s in-state tuition for all four years?
Some simple math questions: what is 0001^10001?
2^65
tan(π/4)
(e^33)*π
40!/(π^π)
2^100
What is the product of the past six math problems (11 - 16)?
In a standard game of poker (where each player is dealt 5 cards), what is the probability that player A is dealt a straight (a sequence of 5 consecutive cards) four times in a row in four separate games?
Assume that there are only 4 players (including player A). If player A were to be dealt a straight, what are the chances that player A loses? Hint: They can only lose if someone else has any of the following hands: a. A higher straight (a consecutive sequence of five cards that has a higher card than Player A’s highest card) b. A flush (five cards of the same suit) c. A four-of-a-kind (four cards of the same number and one other card)
If a smoker were to smoke in the same house as their non-smoking family every day, how much greater are the family members’ chances of getting lung cancer compared to a normal non-smoker?
How many basketballs are sold in the US each year?
Some people aren’t very good at basketball (like the writer of this test). How many ankles were broken in the US in 2021?
How much does the average American spend each year on healthcare in 2020 in USD?
The great USA can’t possibly be the only developed country without universal healthcare right? Right? How many developed countries in the world are there without universal healthcare?
How many US families have dogs in their home?
Some people’s favorite things to do on the weekends are to watch YouTube videos and play video games. How many YouTube videos exist on the platform?
How many minutes would it take a person to watch every single video on youtube if they were to watch four videos at x2 speed simultaneously?
Assuming the US average, how many hours would it take an average highschooler to do all the homework they procrastinated on for two weeks in one go?
How many people play Overwatch 2?
Regardless of your opinion, CSGO is superior to Valorant. However, most people are hardstuck silvers. How many silvers are there in CSGO in North America, just like the writer of this test?
Mrekk is one of the fastest osu! players right now and can push keys very fast. With two keys, how many keypresses can he perform per minute?
I just bought the RTX 3060 for about 600 dollars. Assuming it is running at its rated TGP (Total Graphics Power), how many electron volts does it use up in one hour?
Sometimes gamers are also lifters. There is this archaic powerlifting exercise called a backlift. What is the world record for the backlift, in stones?
What is the most weight a person has ever deadlifted, in units of dynes?
How much is the world record squat, in units of the eiffel tower?
Scientists have recently discovered that Bismuth-209 is not actually the heaviest stable element– it is radioactive. What is its half-life, in years?
Due to quantum tunneling and other theoretical physics, no matter in the universe is permanently stable and will eventually decay. Lead is now recognized as the heaviest stable element. What is its predicted half-life as a multiple of the age of the universe?
In about 5 billion years, the Milky Way and Andromeda galaxy will collide with each other. What is the expected speed the galaxies will be at when they collide, in terms of kilometers per second?
How many atoms are there in the observable universe?
The human genome is mostly non-coding and has very many SSR (short sequence repeats). The FBI used to use 13 standardized SSR loci known as CODIS to catch criminals. What is the probability of two people having the exact same 13-CODIS profile (not counting identical twins)?
How many possible positions are there after 3 moves in chess?
Checkers has recently become a solved game, meaning that the outcome of the game can be predicted from any position if both players play optimally. How many possible positions are there for checkers?
Connect 4 has also been solved– how many possible positions are there for this game?
How many possible Wordle answers are there?
We’d like to get to know you better. What is the combined age of you and your partner in Minecraft days (day here is defined as a day cycle, meaning a full day and night)?
What’s your phone number?
How many tetrominoes (Tetris pieces) would it take to complete an ideal 40-line sprint?
What is the sum of every ACT score from 2022?
How many species of beetles exist on Earth?
How many sticky notes would it take to cover up the Pyramid of Giza?
What is the ratio between the Hawking Index scores of Catching Fire and Fifty Shades of Gray?
Take a breath. You’re doing great! How many molecules did you just inhale?
How long would it take a Hippocampus Zosterae seahorse, the slowest fish, to swim the length of the observable universe in hours?
A Helen is a unit indicating a woman with the beauty to launch 1000 ships from port, originating from the idea that Helen of Troy from the Iliad had such a face - supposedly the most beautiful in the world at the time. If the amount of ships a woman can launch is directly proportional to the amount of women the woman in question is more beautiful than, how many ships could the “most beautiful woman in the world” launch today?
Assume that right after the tea dumping part of the Boston Tea Party, the Boston Harbor was stirred to homogeneity. If a Son of Liberty suddenly got thirsty and took a sip out of the water right from the port, what ratio of dumped tea to water would the revolutionary taste?
Jonas has been enslaved by giants and is to carry harvested mushrooms up Jack’s Beanstalk to the Castle of the Giant King nestled up in the Cirrus clouds. Marilyn wishes to free Jonas, but the giants expect her to pay them in the amount of mushrooms Jonas would transport to them over the entirety of his life, assuming no rest. Given that Jonas can carry 589 mushrooms at a time and his climb rate is 10 m/min both directions vertically, how many mushrooms must Marilyn provide the giants to free Jonas?
A single bacteria is growing in an infinite pool of resources. Assuming each bacteria doubles every 20 minutes, what would the fermi number of the total mass of the colony in kg be after the sun has depleted its hydrogen fuel?
Peru is a major producer of blueberries. How many tons of blueberries did Peru produce in 2020?
Blueberries do not grow on trees; rather, they grow on bushes. However, Peru still does have a whole lot of trees. How many hectares within Peru are forested?
The common juniper possesses seed cones that are similar to blueberries in appearance; these juniper “berries” are very bitter but still used in traditional medicine by cultures like the Navajo. The Navajo is the largest Native American tribe in America. How many members were enrolled in the tribe in 2021?
Plants vs. Zombies 2 includes a wide assortment of floral weapons, including an Electric Blueberry choice (though its unlock requires a microtransaction sadly). How many different plants are playable in PvZ2?
Blueberries are Canada’s most exported fruit. How many gallon cans of paint would it take to cover all of Canada?
Billy is on his first day of elementary school and meets Fernando, who he knows is Hispanic. He doesn’t know the specific country that Fernando’s origins lie in, however. How many Spanish-speaking countries are there?
Billy was stunned by the amount of Spanish-speaking countries. He also meets Abby, who is Filipino. She says her parents hail from the same island, but he figures it’d be hard to guess which one exactly. He’d be right! How many islands comprise the Philippines?
During lunch, Billy snuck his dad’s gaming PC to school and booted up Minecraft. Because he’s only just started playing, he doesn’t really know how the inventory works. Abby shows him that his inventory space could store how many individual wood blocks because of the stacking feature?
At recess, Billy is playing with Fernando and they stumble across a large beehive. Since they are not very intelligent, they hit it with a stick and get stung many times by the angry bees. How many bees are supported by a typical large beehive?
While recovering in the hospital, Billy thinks about his family’s trip to the Grand Canyon last summer, and the fact that there is a whole Native American tribe, the Havasupai, living inside of the enormous rend in the earth. He thinks about how they have probably never eaten any Starburst, his favorite candy. How many Starburst would it take to fill up the Grand Canyon?
Fernando unfortunately got stung a bit too much and passed away from the injuries that he sustained. His devastated family must now arrange for a funeral. In America, how much does an average funeral cost in Argentine pesos?
Billy too has been devastated by this occurrence, and is grieving for the first time in his very short life. How many stages of grief are there in the standard model?
Abby has turned to depressive slow cinema as a means of coping with the loss. Filipino filmmaker Lav Diaz is well regarded for his extremely long films. Considering his feature filmography, how many minutes will his collective work last Abby?
Unfortunately, such films are probably not meant for elementary schoolers. Abby watches Norte, The End of History with Billy, who promptly goes insane and is committed to a mental asylum at the young age of How many patients reside within mental asylums in America as of 2017?
19 years later, Billy is a long-time escapee and on the loose. It appears he’s been attempting to achieve some type of futile vengeance for Fernando’s sake. He was most recently spotted burning down a honey farm in North Carolina, and is likely to end up permanently locked up at this rate. What is the longest non-life-imprisonment prison sentence ever given in centi-centuries?
What is the length of Belgium’s border in beard-seconds?
How many bytes does the Wikipedia page “Hypothetical partition of Belgium” take up in its revision stage as of February 2023?
Did you know that french fries are actually from Belgium? Hopefully! How many deep-fried french fries would it take to equal the yearly caloric intake of an elephant?
Belgium is known for its chocolate exports. How many cocoa beans would it take to make all the exported chocolate for an entire year?
The Smurfs franchise originated in Belgian cartoons; according to the lore, a Smurf is supposed to be 3 apples tall. How many apples tall is Mt. Kilimanjaro?
How many people are online on r/askreddit as of the moment this question is being written?
What is the ratio between the RAM in the first spaceship and an average PC according to the 2023 Steam hardware survey?
What is the ratio between the amount of transistors in a NVIDIA GeForce RTX 4090 and a 1971 Intel 4004 graphics card?
What is the ratio between the amount of memory space taken up by Red Dead Redemption 2 and Brawl Stars?
How many trees would it take to build Noah’s Ark?
What is the mass of an apple? (kg)
What is the mass of the Earth? (kg)
What is the magnitude of the acceleration of an apple near Earth's surface due to Earth's gravity? (m/s2)
What is the magnitude of the acceleration of the Earth due to the gravity of an apple near Earth's surface? (m/s2)
What is the mass of an iPhone X? (kg)
How many iPhones did Apple sell last year?
How much energy does an iPhone use per year? (kWh)
How many water bottles in the United States were used last year that were not recycled?
How many water bottles would it take to contain the volume of the Pacific Ocean?
What is the ratio of the mass of the moon to that of the sun?
What is the ratio of the moon's distance to Earth and the sun's distance to Earth?
The difference between the force of the moon on a particle at the Earth's surface and between the force of the moon on a particle at the Earth's center generates a tidal force. What is the ratio of the magnitude of the lunar tide force to that of the solar tide force?
How many pencils would it take to reach the sun at perihelion?
How many more pencils would it take to reach the sun at aphelion?
The Wikipedia article on California Proposition 218 (1996) contains just over 50,000 words. How many letter e's does it contain?
How long does it take a shark to swim from Brazil to Liberia across the Atlantic Ocean? (s)
The bee hummingbird is the world's smallest bird. How many bee hummingbird wingspans fit into the wingspan of an airplane?
A lot happens in a year. If a woodpecker pecks continuously throughout the year without stopping or getting tired, how many times does the woodpecker peck?
It's Chris's birthday! How many times should he roll a fair 1010000-sided die before expecting to see a number twice (not necessarily consecutively) ?
How many possible configurations of a 2x2 Rubik's cube are there?
How many primes are less than 10100?
Evaluate (Tre)we
Jeffrey compares the time it takes sound to travel through a glass window against the time it would take if there were no window at all (but still travels through the same thickness). What is the difference in the times? (s)
Muons have a half life of 56 x 10-6 seconds. I stand at rest and observe a million muon particles travel from one end of a 104 meter tunnel to another end, at velocity v = 8c, where c is the speed of light. How many muons reach the end?
How many times does a typical human breathe per day?
What is the volume of two breaths? (mL)
Every day, people breathe in and breathe out air. In doing so, they convert some oxygen to carbon dioxide. How much carbon dioxide does the student population at Yale University exhale in one breath (undergraduate and graduate) ? (mL)
How many sodium ions does a typical human consume in a day?
How many grams of gold can fit in the Empire State Building?
How many human blood cells are there in New York City?