_QUESTIONFORMAT_ r'\d+\.'
_ANSWERFORMAT_ STYLE_SINGLE_NUMBER

1.  How many scrunchies would I need if I wanted to pull the moon out of Earth’s gravity?

2. 
Santiago has received a week ban from Valorant for leaving the match, how many bans would he need for the time to
equal the earth's age?
3. 
Elijah Stanson Agustin Valencia has 2292 plays musical artist Laufey (as of 10/9/2023), if each song is about 3 minutes,
how many plays will he have when the heat death of the universe occurs.
4. 
Divide the number of goals Son Heung-Min has made in the Premier League by the number of days Donald Trump has
been incarcerated.
5.  How many Shagauille O'Neals would it take to reach Jupiter?
6. 
Milo drinks roughly 5 cups of matcha per day, if you were to take the energy from the calories of the matcha and convert
them into solar energy how much solar energy would be emitted in a year.
7. 
Do you remember that TikTok trend where people broke plates to release some sort of anger? Yeah, same. Anyway, if I
were to construct the Great Wall of China using broken plate shards, how many plates would I need?

8. DISCARD
If the amount of seconds Son Heung-min has played in the Premier League were converted to hamburgers, how many
Burger Kings could be opened around the world?
9. 
Think about how many calories your body consumes a day. If we were to power the United States for two years in the
1980’s, how many humans would we need to harvest energy from?
10. 
How many paintings of Son Heung-min could fit on the surface of Mars if each painting were the size of a soccer field?
11. 
One of the games that I frequent on Roblox is called Berkeley County, where on average, there are 40 players online at
any given time. If we were to use the hours spent on the game walking up stairs, how many stairs would be traversed?
Assume that the person walking up the stairs takes no breaks.
12. DISCARD
If Son Heung-min’s hair grew at the speed of a standard soccer ball rolling down a 30 meter hill, how long would it take for
him to grow a ponytail that reaches the moon?
13. 
Have you seen the Sisyphus meme? Of course you have-that is if you have Instagram. Say that Sisyphus produces a
similar amount of sweat to that of the normal human and doesn't take any breaks. How many years would it take for him to
sweat enough water to equal the volume of the Pacific Ocean?
14. 
Zion plays Counter Strike 2 and plants the bomb, how many bombs would he need to plant for the energy to equal that of
a supernova.

15. 
If the whiskers of Reuben’s cat, Foxy were used to build a bridge the length of the Golden Gate Bridge, how many
whiskers would it take? Foxy has average length whiskers.
16. DISCARD
The group, SEVENTEEN is performing at their concert. If there are 7 stage lights outputting 1000 watts each, how many
times would they have to perform “Very Nice” back-to-back before the world’s largest ice cream sundae would melt under
the stage lights?
17. 
I'm currently a sophomore in high school, about how many sheets of paper have I used throughout my entire academic
career so far?
18. 
Whenever I go to my Spanish class, I go up 72 stairs. How many times would I have to go up these stairs in order to climb
the equivalent of Mount Everest?
19. DISCARD
Riley plays Payday 2 and steals 1.6 million dollars from heists, how much money would he have to rob to decrease
Venezuela's inflation rate by 80%?
20. 
I go to class for a total of 1262 minutes per week. If my teachers yap for every single minute of class at an average WPM
since August 8 of this year, how many CO2 atoms have come out of their mouth?
21. 
How many meals could be produced with the amount of food that goes uneaten in all of America’s school cafeterias over
the span of a month?

22. 
Caleb is the worst soccer player of all time, if he misses 150 (how is it even possible to be this terrible dude) goals a year
how many goals will he have missed by the time our sun explodes?
23. 
If you were to combine the total Youtube views on all of Tyler, the Creator’s music videos, how many hours of Tyler, the
Creator’s music has been watched?
24. 
The Boltzmann Brain theory theorizes that our brain is just a brain formed in space out of a coincidental connection of
atoms, if this was true for every single human who has lived in existence how many atoms coincidentally came together?
25.  I How many grains of sand are there on all the beaches in Hawaii?
26.  How many grains of rice are consumed solely in spam musubis in a year?
27. 
If I were to stack all the pizzas that Domino's sells per month, how many stacks would it take to reach the moon?
28.  How many leaves are there on all the trees in the Amazon Rainforest?
29. 
If Son Heung-min is 6’ (183 cm.), how many Son Heung-Mins would you need to fill an Olympic-sized swimming pool?
30.  How many raindrops fall during a typical thunderstorm?
31. 
Roko’s Basilisk is a thought experiment in which a super intelligent Al will punish anyone who knowingly knew about it and
did not help bring it into existence (sorry but you Know now). If every single person taking this test does nothing and is
killed, how many teaspoons of blood will be spilt?

32.  I How many McDonalds apple pies could you bake using all the apples produced in America in a year?
33. DISCARD
If you gathered all the hailstones from every hail storm to ever exist, how many shave ices could you make?
34. 
How many miles of jogging would it take to burn off all the excess calories consumed by Americans in a day?
35. 
If you were to weigh all the packaged food items in a typical grocery store, how many elephants would be equivalent to the
total weight?
36. How many 80z patties can we make from all the existing cows at this very moment?
37. 
Mr. Krabs is thinking about changing up his menu, and including seafood patties. He only wants the best seafood for his
patties, and decides to go on fishing trips throughout the year to keep up with the high demand. If Mr. Krabs gets roughly
50 lbs. of suitable seafood her trip, how many fishing trips does Mr. Krabs have to go on each millenia to keep his
restaurant well-stocked?
38. 
Think about the number of people who have ever played a game of chess. If each game is represented by a single chess
piece, how many chess sets would you need to accommodate them all?
39. DISCARD
I've tossed a lot of coins into fountains for good luck. If you were to collect every single coin in the world ever thrown into a
fountain, how many wishes would you be able to grant?
40. 
Think about the number of footsteps taken by people in New York City over the span of a year. How many marathons
could you run with all of those footsteps combined?

41. 
In the Baby Keem and Kendrick Lamar song The Hillbillies, Kendrick says he says that he buys land, he then says "Cologne, Germany". 
If Kendrick were to buy Cologne (the city) with the equivalent of Hershey's Kisses, how many would he need.
42.
Think about the liters of broth used to make pho worldwide in the span of a year. How many Starbucks cups could you fill with that broth?

43. 
Jimmy Butler had an atrocious haircut for media day this season, how many u of hair will he have to cut to have a “normal”
haircut?
44.
Think about all the miles of interstate highways across the United States. If you were to calculate the total length of these
highways, how many trips could you make to Pluto (the not-planet) and back?
45. 
Playboi Carti is notorious for delaying the release of new music. If you were to calculate the number of days that his fans
have waited for his delayed aloums, how many days of waiting would it add up to? (Please drop Carti, I am begging.) (it's
not happening)
46. 
In “Jujutsu Kaisen,” Megumi is part of a trio alongside Yuji and Nobara. Together, they’ve exorcized many curses together
as a team. If you were to count all the time that people have spent watching the show, how many times could you solve a
Rubik's Cube (assuming that you typically solve it in the average time)?
47. DISCARD
The “Renegade” was one of the most viral dance challenges on TikTok during 2020. If the “Renegade” were to generate
electricity, and we used all the energy generated from every single “Renegade” video, how many days could the White
House be powered for?
48. DISCARD
Tubi is a streaming platform known for having a diverse selection of films, some of which are terrible. If you counted the
number of “so bad that they’re good” movies offered on Tubi, how many bad cinema nights could you host if each night is
considered to be 5 hours?
49. DISCARD
The Uncanny Valley is the human evolution to be scared of something that looks human but isn't, this exists possibly
because of other hominid species that have since been extinct, how many years has this trait been around for?

50. 
It's difficult to get seafood to the most landlocked state in the nation: Nebraska. How much gasoline would it take to
transport one ton of salmon from Los Angeles to Omaha, Nebraska? Provide this answer in terms of dollars (cost of the
gasoline it would take), using the average price of California gasoline.
51. 
Many fruits and vegetables actually contain trace amounts of nicotine. How many tomatoes would you have to eat to
equate to consuming the same amount of nicotine in a pack of cigarettes?
52. 
Instant ramen noodles are made of a special type of starch that can go long periods of time without perishing. The
downside of this is that these starches can often take longer and be more difficult to digest in our bodies. How long would i
take, in milliseconds, for our bodies to fully digest a pack of sapporo ichiban instant ramen noodles?
53. 
Many religiously affiliated universities and high schools require students to take religion/bible/philosophy/theology classes
throughout their education. How many vowels are there in the new testament?
54. 
Many of you either are or know someone who is considering the medical field as a future profession. How many seconds
of unpaid-schooling does a traditional physician undergo before finally receiving their first paycheck in their profession?
55. 
How long would it take, in minutes, for the average student to repay back their student loans post-graduation?
56.  How many different types of discovered bacteria, fungi, and viruses are there in the world?
57.  How much energy in joules was put into thinking of the questions for this test?

20
11
112
1
11
5
10
999
16
5
6
999
17
41
4
999
4
4
999
26
6
10
8
40
17
12
2
12
3
8
7
9
999
8
1
12
7
9
999
9
12
11
10
-4
11
4
999
999
999
2
3
7
5
7
6
5
4