_QUESTIONFORMAT_ r'\d+\.'
_ANSWERFORMAT_ STYLE_SINGLE_NUMBER

1. In the United States, how many swear words are spoken out loud in one average day?
2. If you stood still outside in the city of Chicago, trying to catch snowflakes on your tongue during
an average snowstorm for 1 hour, what fraction of the snowflakes that fall on the city would end
up on your tongue?
3. In the world, how many emails are sent in one minute on average?
4. If I had a nickel for every time an American driver was pulled over for speeding, how many years
would it take for me to become the richest person in the world?
5. How many total baseballs were used during games in last year’s entire Major League Baseball
season?
6. How many languages are still actively spoken today around the world?
7. How many prime numbers are there less than 1 septillion?
8. In the world, how many minutes of Youtube videos are watched in one day?
9. If you wanted to create a full-scale model of the orbits of all 8 planets in the solar system using
paper clips, how many paper clips would you need?
10. How many total Google searches were performed in the past year?
11. In total, how many multiple-choice questions were bubbled in during all official SAT and ACT
exams last year?
12. Assume you read one novel (published in English) every day for the rest of your life. What
fraction of the total number of English novels ever published (including those that will be
published during your lifetime) would you have read?
13. How many atoms compose the average human body?
14. How many raindrops would it take to fill the Mediterranean Sea to its full depth and extent?
15. How many human beings have ever been born?
16. What fraction of the Earth’s mass is accounted for by bacteria?
17. How many servings of New York-style cheesecake would be needed to balance the total number
of calories collectively burned by all the runners of the New York City Marathon each year?
18. How many gallons of saliva does the average person produce in a lifetime?
19. How many space debris objects larger than 1 mm are currently in orbit around the Earth?
20. Assuming perfectly dark clear skies, how many stars are visible to the unaided human eye?
21. In your next breath, what is the probability that at least one of the molecules you breathe in was
exhaled previously by Julius Caesar in his dying breath?
22. In the history of the Summer Olympics (since 1896), what fraction of all the medals ever
awarded were won by Greece?
23. How many roses are sold for Valentine’s Day every year in the United States?
24. How many DNA base pairs are there in the human genome?
25. How many human beings will undergo surgery of some kind around the world this coming year?
26. How many middle school and high school students will compete in Science Olympiad this year in
the United States?
27. How many acres of land in the United States are dedicated to growing Christmas trees?
28. Based on the recommendations set forth by the National Education Association, what is the
optimal total amount of time, in hours, that students should spend on homework between the
start of first grade and the end of twelfth grade?
29. How many distinct ways can a deck of 52 cards be arranged?
30. How many musical notes did Beethoven commit to paper in the manuscript of his Ninth
Symphony?

10 

-12

8

4

5

4

22

11

15

12

9

-3

28

23

11

-10

5

4

8

4

0

-2

8

9

8

5

5

3

68

5