

1. What are you and your partner's combined heights, in mm?
2. How many letters are in you and your partner's first and last name
combined?
3. What is your team number?

4. How old are you, in minutes?
5. What year was your mother born in?
Andru: Rae, I think we're getting a bit too suspicious. Let's tone it back a
bit for now.

6. How many hairs are on your head? (For this question we're gonna assume
you’re not bald)
7. How many red blood cells are contained within your body?
8. How many atoms are contained in your body?
9. What is the surface area of your skin, in km2?
10. How many digits do you have on your hand and feet?

11. DISCARD


12. How many cases of fraud and identity theft are there per year in the
United States, as reported by the US Federal Trade Commission?



13. Rae wants to gain access to your bank, but she forgot to ask which
Commercial bank system that you utilize. If you utilize a FDIC-insured
commercial bank and she hacks into a random FDIC-insured commercial bank, what
is the probability that she hits a bank that includes your account?
14. Rae also attempts to redirect your income into her account using your SSN.
Assuming you make the median income, how many cents can Rae expect to be
deposited into her account per year before taxes (because obviously a scammer
would evade taxes)?


15. Andru and Rae buy a ton (unit) of average store brought pineapples. How
many pineapples did they buy?
16. Pine... Apples... How many times more would a 50 foot tall pine tree weigh
compared to an apple?

17. It's pretty dang hard to get caught for tax evasion. By IRS estimates,
what percentage of people that evade taxes in some form get caught and
convicted for doing so?

18. How many individuals are incarcerated in prison at any given point in the
US?
19. What is the annual cost in USD of incarcerating one person for one year in
NYC?
20. For the crimes committed (fraud and tax evasion), how long could Rae and
Andru be sentenced for, in decades? (assume sentences would be concurrent, and
they are sentenced to the upper limit of federal guidelines).

21. How much would a cubic meter of dirt weigh, in milligrams?
22. Let's see how realistic it would be to break out. How many prisoners break
out of State or Federal prisons each year?


23. How many gallons of air are breathed in with one breath at rest?
24. Ah yes, the duo finally touched grass for the first time in months... How
many grass blades are in contact with one foot stepping on grass?
25. Andru and Rae decide to leave and go make a new life for themselves. They
decide on going to Paris, France. How far in gigameters would they need to
travel from NYC to reach their final destination?


26. How many ways are there to make change for a dollar (Quarters, dimes,
nickels, pennies)?
27. 4329
28. Given: log(e) = .4342944. Calculate 10,000!
29. What is the 250th fibonacci number divided by the 50th fibonacci number?
30. 10^(10^(10^(10^-100)))

31. How many cans of SpaghettiOs does it take to have enough letters to
rewrite the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy?
32. If I can read a book a day, how many picoseconds would it take for me to
read every book that has ever been published?
33. How many languages are currently spoken in the world?
34. If you guess the same valid Wordle word every single day (assuming all
valid words occur in equal frequency and can repeat), how many centuries would
it take until you have a >50% chance of getting a Wordle in one?
35. How many letters are utilized by this very quirky sentence?
History! Or uh kinda history related...
36. How long, in light-feet, has the earth existed for?
37. How large is the surface area of the United States in Barns (unit, not
building)?
38. In the duration of the Black Plague pandemic, how many humans died per
year globally?

39. The cubit is the first known unit of length used by ancient humans, while
the Planck units were very recent, first originating in 1899. How many Planck
lengths long is one typical cubit?
40. How many years ago did Homo sapiens originate?
And obviously the most important subject: Science!
41. (Biology) How many molecules of ATP are used by an average adult over the
period of a fortnight?
42. (Chemistry): How many possible isomers are there of the molecule
Tetracontane (molecular formula: C40H82)?
43. (Physics): If earth is replaced by an equivalent mass of swiss cheese,
what is the new acceleration due to gravity (g)?
44. (Astronomy/Chemistry): If all of the energy from a type Ia supernova was
pumped into the ice in Antarctica, what would be the final temperature of the
ice in Kelvin?
45. (Environmental Science): How many milligrams of nitrogen are biologically
fixed every year?
46. Pick a integer between 1-300. The answer to this question will be the
product of all valid responses for this question from all teams.
47. Pick another integer between 1-300. The answer to this question will be
the sum of all valid responses for this question from all teams.
48. Pick any non-negative integer. The answer to this question will be the
median of all valid responses for this question from all teams.
49. Between the last three questions, how many total teams received full
points on at least one of the questions?
50. DISCARD
51. Let's start with some unit conversions. Not too bad right? An Henry
(units) is a measurement of electrical inductance with SI units of
(kg)(m)^2(s)^-2(A)^-2. Convert one Henry to units of (solar masses)(astronomical
units)^2(years)^-2(nanoamperes)^-2
52. At the time of writing this question, it's almost Christmas, which means
gift wrapping! If I take a point and continue to wrap layers of .1 mm thick
wrapping paper around, how many layers would be needed for the layered
wrapping papers to collapse into a black hole? Presume perfect wrapping and
that any resulting sphere has the density of wrapping paper.
53. What is primorial(30)? A primorial is when for the nth prime number, the
primorial is defined as the product of the first n primes.
54. Peter Piper picked a peta-pound of palatable pineapples. If Peter Piper
places a pair of pennies per pico-pineapple picked perfectly planar what
percent of Peru (by surface area) can Peter Piper pack?
55. Humans beings give off heat emitted as infrared radiation with a
wavelength of around 1 mm. How many centuries would it take for all current
humans (assume they are at rest) in the world to emit as many photons as there
are atoms on earth?
56. How fast does a point one femto-chain away expand in giga-fathom per
nanocentury due to the expansion of the universe?
57. The probability of winning the Powerball lotto is 1/292,201,338 per play.
How many dollars would you have to spend to buy enough tickets so that you are
more likely to have won the powerball 10 times in a row than to not have won
10 times in a row?
58. Bitcoin mining can get quite energy intensive. In his quest to mine
bitcoins, Aidan has come up with a brilliant idea: he develops the Potential
Energy Collecting Setup (PECS) that can collect gravitational potential energy
of a falling object and transform 100% of that energy into mining bitcoins. If
Aidan places PECS in his room and jumps up and down, where PECS collects
Aidan's gravitational potential energy at each peak of his jump, how many
times must Aidan jump to mine one Bitcoin?

59. You have a spherical mass of gold of the maximum size such that Aidan from
the previous problem can jump into orbit (achieve escape velocity). If Aidan
were to melt down this mass of gold and sell it, how much money in USD could
Aidan theoretically make?
60. They say to shoot for the moon and if you miss you'll land among the
stars. If you randomly shoot a ray in any direction, how many times more
likely are you to hit the moon as compared to hitting any star visible by the
naked eye?