_QUESTIONFORMAT_ r'\d+\.'
_ANSWERFORMAT_ STYLE_SINGLE_NUMBER

1. How many cans of Campbell’s chicken noodle soup will it take to fill up an
Olympic-sized swimming pool?
2. Consider the label of standard soup can. How many labels laid in a line would it
take to circumnavigate the equator? (Assuming the labels float on top of the oceans)
3. Soup cans are made of tin-coated steel. How many cans would need to be melted
to form a 1-by-1-by-1 meter solid cube?
4. Chinese bird drop soup is made from a species called the edible-nest swiftlet
(Aerodramus fuciphagus). How many of these birds are there in Asia?
5. How much sodium (in mg) is in a 24-pack of Maruchan chicken ramen?
6. How many units (cans) of soup are sold each year in the United States?
7. Consider placing soup cans upright in a hexagonal region from a bird’s eye view.
How many can fit in a regular hexagonal region with side lengths of 1 mile?
8. How many milliliters of water would need to be boiled to cook enough ramen cups
to feed each and every college student in the U.S.? Each ramen cup should be filled to the brim
with water and each college student eats 1 package.
9. How much gross profit, in USD, has the Campbell’s soup company made since
2000?
10. Consider throwing a soup can using a cannon with an angle of elevation of 30
degrees. Considering the earth as flat, at what velocity (in meters per second) is it necessary to
launch the soup from New York City to Philadelphia?
11. Eric has a collection of 2023 different types of soup. If he tries a different type
of soup each day uniformly at random, how many days would you expect it to take for him to
finish trying every type of soup?
12. You travel in a can-shaped spaceship from earth to Soup Galaxy, which is 7
light years away from earth. You move at approximately 40 percent of the speed of light. Upon
arrival, what will the difference in time, in hours, between your clock and a clock back on earth?
13. How many cans of soup do you need to stack to reach the moon?
14. A soup can finishes a marathon by rolling straight ahead. How many rotations
has the soup can completed?
15. A ladle is a wonderful device for serving soup. Suppose you wanted to serve the
ocean; how many scoops would it take to empty the ocean?
16. Andrew, a notable soup scholar, decides to write a definitive guide to the history
of soup. He ends up with a text with about as many words as the Bible. To save on printing
costs, he prints in Times News Roman, with size 1 font and double spaced. How many pages
does he need to print for one copy of his book?
17. An empty can of soup is filled with ice and placed outside on a table. Assuming
uniform, constant heat from the summer heat, how many seconds would it take for the cylindrical
block of ice to completely dissolve.
18. Penn has instituted a special secret award called the soup scholarship in 2000.
Each year, 5 percent of the incoming freshmen class is selected to be a recipient. How many
soup scholarships have been awarded up until the end of 2024?
19. There are many fish, pork, chicken, and beef-based soups leading to so many
unique flavours! If we distinguish the animals up to species, how many soup flavours can we
generate if each flavour is a combination of two species?
20. The average U.S. frieght train is 6,500 feet long. How many cans of soup can be
packed into this frieght train?
21. Eric consumes one can of soup each time he cuts his hair. Over the course of
100 lifetimes, how many cans will he consume?
22. Soup is chemistry. How many compounds are found on pubchem (a chemical
information database)?
23. Soup is served in cafeterias across Penn’s campus every day. How much money
is spent on the Dining at Penn department each year?
24. If I harnessed the energy consumed when every Google employee googles “google”
simultaneously, how long could I power a standard hair dryer?
25. If the Earth, by mass, was comprised entirely of solid silver, what would the
acceleration due to gravity be, in m/s^2 ?
26. If I melted the earth down (from Question above) and sold it, how much money,
in Japanese Yen, could I make?
27. How many packages of party sized Lay’s Sour Cream and Onion Potato Chips
would I need to consume in order to equal the amount of Calories burned by a 200 lb man
during an ironman triathlon?
28. If, for every time someone streamed “Cruel Summer” by Taylor Swift on Spotify,
Taylor Swift adds an extra floor to the Empire State Building, how tall would the Empire State
Building be, in meters?
29. If I randomly drop a pebble over the United States, what is the probability that
my pebble hits a Tesla?
30. How many fortnights would it take for me to run a marathon, assuming that I
run at a pace of 5 smoots/shake?
31. What is the minimum number of cans of SphagettiOs alphabet soup would I
need to reconstruct the book Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone?
32. How heavy, in kg, would the newest Macbook M2 Pro be if I replaced every
single transistor with a can of Campbell’s Chicken Soup?
33. What is the 200th fibonacci number?
34. How many digits does 13123456789 have?
35. How many primes are there less than 10000?
36. How many gas stations are there in the US?
37. If the sun and earth both double in size, how long will it take for the earth to
go around the sun?
38. Suppose on the day Jesus was born I got a dollar. Exactly one year later, I got
2 dollars. Every year thereafter I receive twice as much as the year before. I am immortal and
quite a hoarder so I don’t spend any money. How much do I have in 2023?
39. Eric claims that he doesn’t need any meteorology to predict the weather. Darren
challenges him with the following game. Darren starts by paying Eric 10^10 dollars, and Eric is
to make make daily predictions about whether or not it will rain the following day. Eric is to
do this for an entire year, after which Darren will calculate the difference between how many
times it rained and how many times Eric said it would rain. We call this difference x, and then
Eric must pay Darren x^10 dollars. If Eric plays optimally, what is the maximum amount he can
guarantee that he earns (or if he loses money - what is the minimum amount he can lose) at the
conclusion of the game?
40. If the world was scaled down so that the Earth was the size of a standard soccer
ball, what would be the volume of Jupiter in liters?
41. If every person in Madagascar simultaneously ate a bagel, how much heavier, in
grams, would Madagascar’s population be?
42. What is the combined weight, in kg, of every elephant in the world?
43. Suppose a clock tells the right time exactly 100 times a day. If this clock is used
to time an olympic 100m sprint, approximately how fast, in seconds, will the runners be?
44. In Newtons, how many flicks worth force will it take to break someone’s arm?
45. Suppose that all the DNA from each cell in a human was stretched out and
placed in a single row. How many gallons of gas would it take a 2023 Toyota Prius to drive the
distance equal to all of that stretched out DNA?
46. Niagara falls is an absolutely iconic waterfall. That being said, what is the
volumetric flow rate of Niagara Falls in Sverdrups during high season?
47. How many hydrogen atoms are contained within the water in Lake Superior?
48. How long would it take, in days, for me to drain all of the Oceans on Earth if I
solely drank the recommended amount of water each day from the oceans?

49. What is the maximum acceptable latency (delay) for international calls as spec-
ified by the International Telecoms Union, in quectoseconds?

50. What would the radius, in meters, of a sphere of solid cheddar cheese need to
be before it collapsed into a black hole?
51. How many oxygen molecules would be inhaled if every single person alive on
Earth took a collective breath?
52. A 1 Joule is equivalent to 1 kg ∗ m^2 ∗ s^−1
. What is the value of 1 Joule in the units of (troy ounce) * (furlong^2) * (microseconds)^−1?

7
8
4
4
3
12
9
11
10
3
4
3
9

7
22
1
2
3
15
6
4
6
7
1
1
30

0
10
-6
-10
3
9
41
8
2
5
0
609
10

5
9
8
-1
1
8
-3
38
20
29
11
31
-8