_QUESTIONFORMAT_ r'\d+\.'
_ANSWERFORMAT_ STYLE_SINGLE_NUMBER

1. What is the area of a football field including end zones in square feet?
2. How many cans of pop and beer are consumed each year in the world?
3. On the social media platform Snapchat, on average, how many daily active
users are there?
4. On Valentine’s Day, how much money is spent on chocolate and candy
worldwide in U.S. dollars?
5. How much added sugar does the average American consume in a year in
units of the weight of a proton?
6. What is the capacity of the University of Michigan Big House in people?
7. What is 8-24?
8. If professional bowler stood on one end of The Great Wall of China and
rolled a bowling ball down the stretch of the wall at the average speed, how
long would it take for the bowling ball to reach the opposite end in minutes,
assuming the Great Wall of China is flat and straight along the top and the
ball rolls straight at a constant speed?
9. How long is a Barilla spaghetti noodle in carbon molecules?
10. How long would it take to grow a human fingernail that reaches from the
Earth to the Sun in years if it didn’t bend?
11. On average, how much iron is in the adult human bloodstream in grams?
12. How many Costcos were there worldwide in 2017?
13. What is the mass of Mars in terms of regular sized Mars Bars?
14. On average, how many cookies are baked in the University of Michigan
dining halls in one week?
15. How tall is Elizabeth Tower (the Tower that holds Big Ben) in units of red
light wavelengths?
16. How long would it take in hours for the Japan Shinkansen bullet train to
travel the distance between Earth and Earth’s closest star other than the Sun?
17. How many word entries are found in in The Oxford English Dictionary,
Second Edition?
18. On average, how much time will an American spend in his/her lifetime
sleeping in minutes?
19. How long would it take a wolverine to run around the circumference of the
Earth in seconds?
20. What is the smallest spatial resolution able to be seen by a scanning electron
microscope in meters?

21. How much does the average cumulus cloud weigh in kips (K)?
22. How many bones are in the human body?
23. How much money did the movie Crazy Rich Asians earn from the box
office worldwide during its opening weekend in Singapore dollars?
24. What is the total number of electrons found in 64g of methane gas?
25. It would take the calories from how many Starbucks’s Grande Pumpkin
Spice Lattes as an energy source for you to have enough energy to raise the
temperature of Lake Huron by 1 °C? (Assume the water is pure water)
26. In 2017, what was Facebook’s total electricity use in its data centers and
offices in megawatt hours (MWh)?
27. How long in minutes would it take the average person to type out the entire
script to The Bee Movie assuming they never mess up?
28. If you were to type out the entire human genome onto paper, how many
copies of the Harry Potter series would it take up?
29. Not including advertisements, how many words are printed in the average
print edition of The New York Times?
30. How many Pyrex 1000 ml beakers would you need to stack on top of each
other and side by side to create a bridge one beaker wide that extends from
the bottom of the ocean to the ocean surface from Boston, Massachusetts to
Lisbon, Portugal, in a straight line assuming the ocean floor is a constant
depth?

5
11
8
9
28
5
-22
4
9
12

0
3
25
4
8
11
5
7
6
-7

3
2
7
25
13
6
2
2
5
12
